General Privacy StatementEffective Date: March 25, 2025This General Privacy Statement (also referred to as our "Privacy Statement") explains how Elasticsearch, Inc., and our subsidiaries and affiliated companies ("Elastic," "we," "our," or "us") collect, use, share and otherwise process information that identifies or could be identifiable to you ("personal data" or "personal information").Residents of the EEA, United Kingdom, and SwitzerlandIf EEA, UK, or Swiss data protection law applies to the processing of your personal data, you can review the "Your Privacy Rights" section below to learn more about your rights and Elastic's compliance with applicable laws.California ResidentsIf you are a California resident, theCalifornia Privacy Rights Statementsupplements this General Privacy Statement and provides an explanation of how Elastic "discloses" for "business purposes," but does not "sell" or "share" your "personal information," as those terms are defined under California law.Interaction Specific StatementsWe supplement this Statement with the following specific statements based on how we interact with you:Product Privacy Statement. This statement applies to the information we collect and use in connection with customer deployments of our products and services.Applicant Privacy Statement. This statement applies to the personal data we collect and use in connection with our employment recruiting process.California Privacy Rights Statement. This statement explains the privacy rights of California residents.Cookie Statement. This statement explains how we use cookies and similar technologies.General Privacy Statement ContentsScope & ResponsibilitiesInformation We Collect & How We Collect ItHow We Use the InformationHow We Share the InformationCookies and Website Automatic Data CollectionLegal Basis for Processing Your Personal DataInternational Data TransfersData Privacy FrameworkYour Privacy RightsU.S. State Law RequirementsSecurityOther InformationHow to Contact UsScope & ResponsibilitiesThis General Privacy Statement explains your rights and choices related to the personal data we collect when:You visit, interact with or use any of our websites, social media pages, marketing or sales communications, or register for our products and services ("Online Properties"); andYou visit, interact with or use any of our offices, events, sales, marketing and other offline activities ("Offline Properties")(collectively, the "Properties");This General Privacy Statement does not cover:Automatic collection from our products and services:This Statement does not cover the information we may automatically collect in connection with your use of Elastic products and services as a customer or user. Please see ourProduct Privacy Statementfor that information.Applicant Information:This Statement does not cover information related to our employment recruiting efforts. Please see ourApplicant Privacy Statementfor that information.Customer Content:Certain Elastic products permit customers to ingest or upload and submit content to the products ("Customer Content"). This notice does not cover Customer Content, including any personal data about you that may be contained in Customer Content, because the Customer, rather than Elastic, controls how Customer Content is processed. Any questions about the processing of Customer Content should be addressed to the Customer directly.Organizational Use:When you use our products or services on behalf of an organization (e.g., your employer), your use is administered and provisioned by your organization under its policies regarding the use and protection of personal data. If you have questions about how your data is being accessed or used by your organization, please refer to your organization's privacy policy and direct your inquiries to your organization's system administrator.Elastic determines the purposes and means for the processing (i.e., we are the data controller) of your personal data as described in this Privacy Statement unless expressly specified otherwise.Information We Collect & How We Collect ItElastic collects personal data and other information from you directly, through automated means, and from third parties. More information on each category follows:From YouWe collect personal data when you voluntarily provide it to us (including to our service providers or other parties who collect it on our behalf). For example, we collect personal data when you order, register to use, or request information about Elastic products and services, subscribe to marketing communications, complete surveys, provide such data in product feedback, or sign up for an Elastic event or webinar. We may also collect personal data from you when you attend one of our events, during phone calls with sales representatives, or when you contact customer support.The personal data we collect may include contact information (such as your name, address, telephone number, or email address), professional information (such as your employer name, address, job title, department or job role), user IDs, and passwords, and contact preferences. We collect information you choose to provide when completing any "free text" boxes in our forms (for example, for event sign-up, product feedback, or survey requests), and we collect personal data disclosed by you on message boards, chat features (such as Elastic Bot), blogs, and other services or platforms to which you can post information and materials (including third party services and platforms). We may also collect billing and transactional information.AutomaticallyWe use technology that is integrated into our Online Properties such as cookies, web beacons, and embedded URLs to provide us with automated data collection.Online PropertiesWe automatically collect certain information when you use, access, or interact with our Online Properties. This information may include unique identification numbers and other information about the specific device you are using, such as the hardware model, operating system version, web-browser software, your Internet Protocol (IP) address/MAC address/device identifier, device event information (such as crashes, system activity, and hardware settings, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL), broad geographic location (e.g., country or city-level location) and other technical data that uniquely identifies your browser. We may also collect information about how your device has interacted with our Online Properties, such as the pages accessed and other statistical information. To learn more, please read theElastic Cookie Statement.Elastic ProductsElastic may automatically collect information in connection with your organization's deployment of certain products. See ourProduct Privacy Statementfor more information.From Third-Party SourcesWe may also acquire data from other sources including affiliates in our corporate group, our partners, or others that we use to make our information better or more useful. For example, we may compare the geographic information acquired from commercial sources with the IP address collected by our Automatic Data Collection Tools (see ourCookie Statement) to derive your general geographic area. Information may also be linked via a unique identifier, such as a cookie or account number.How We Use the InformationDepending on the situation, we may use your information for the following purposes:Communications and Transaction Processing.We use your information to communicate with you, respond to your requests, and provide the information you requested. We also use personal data, including financial, credit card, and payment information, to process transactions.Provision, Administer, and Support Your Account.We use your information to provide our products and manage your account. Examples include managing product downloads, updates and fixes, providing support and recommendations, and sending other administrative or account-related communications, including release notes.Manage Your Customer Experience.We use your information to maintain accurate contact and registration data, deliver support, and to offer products, services, and features. We also use your data to deliver personalized communications and create recommendations based on your use of Elastic products, services, features, and your visits on our websites.Advertising.We use your information to provide personalized advertising to you per your privacy preferences settings and applicable law. We might also share some of your information with marketing service providers and digital marketing networks to present advertisements that might interest you. This may involve the use of Automatic Data Collection Tools. To learn more about how Elastic uses Automated Data Collection Tools please see ourCookie Statement.Facilitate and Evaluate Use of the Online Properties.We use your information to provide the Online Properties, to facilitate your use of the Online Properties (such as facilitating navigation and the login process, preserving information between sessions and enhancing security), to improve quality, to evaluate page response rates and personalize and determine content.Business Operations.We use your information to conduct ordinary business operations, e.g., business research and analytics, corporate reporting and management, staff training and quality assurance purposes, and outreach.Security.We use the information to maintain the integrity and security of our websites, products and services and preventing and detecting security threats, fraud, or other criminal or malicious activity that might compromise your information or the information of other customers or website visitors.Third Party Social Networks.We may use personal data to interact with you on third party social networks (subject to that network's terms of use).Conferences and Events.Elastic and our partners may use your information to communicate with you about our events or our partner events. After the event, Elastic may contact you about the event and related products and services. We may share information about your attendance with your company, and our conference sponsors and partners, to the extent we are legally permitted to do so. If a partner or conference sponsor directly requests your personal data at their conference booths or presentations, your information will be handled per their privacy practices. We recommend that you review the privacy practices of such partners and sponsors.Education and Training:If you sign up for an Elastic certification course or training, Elastic will use your information to facilitate the delivery of such course or training.Research & Innovation.We use your information to develop new products, features, and services using research and development tools and incorporating data analysis activities.Personalization.Also, in some circumstances we may use AI to personalize your email experience and provide relevant content.Comply with Law.We use your information as required to be compliant with applicable laws, regulations, court orders, government, and law enforcement requests.Other Legitimate Business Purposes:We may use your information when it is necessary for other legitimate purposes, such as protecting Elastic's confidential and proprietary information.How We Share the InformationWe share your personal data with the following categories of recipients and only with the appropriate contractual obligations in place:With Elastic CompaniesWe may transfer your personal data to other Elastic entities in the US and worldwide for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Statement. We protect your personal data per this Statement wherever it is processed and take appropriate contractual or other steps to protect it under applicable laws. These steps include participating in the U.S. Department of Commerce's Data Privacy Framework, implementing the European Commission'sstandard contractual clausesalong with supplementary measures, implementing the Information Commissioner's Officeinternational data transfer addendumto the European Commission's standard contractual clauses, and relying on the European Commission's and the Information Commissioner's Office'sadequacy decisionsabout certain countries, as applicable, for data transfers from the EEA, UK, and Switzerland to the United States and other countries. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our service providers, partners, and affiliates. Furthermore, our privacy guidelines are communicated to our employees on an annual basis as part of our mandatory training.With Service ProvidersWe may share your information with third parties, such as vendors, consultants, agents and other service providers who provide services such as IT and system administration and hosting, credit card processing, research and analytics, marketing, targeted advertising, training and certifications, customer support, and data enrichment for the purposes and according to the legal bases described below. Our service providers are required by contract to safeguard any personal data they receive from us and are prohibited from using the personal data for any purpose other than to perform the services as instructed by Elastic. These service providers may be located in the US or other global locations.With Business PartnersWe may share your information with our partners, such as distributors and resellers, and to other business partners, to fulfill product and information requests, to effectively deliver unified support, to provide customers and prospective customers with information about Elastic, and for event purposes. From time to time, Elastic may engage in joint sales, product promotions, or events with selected business partners. If you purchase or express interest in a jointly-offered product, promotion, service, or event, we may share relevant personal data with those partners. Such partners are responsible for managing their use of the personal data collected in these circumstances, including providing information to you about how they use your personal information. We recommend you review the privacy policies of the relevant partner to find out more about their handling of your personal information.With Competent AuthoritiesWe may share your personal data when we believe, in good faith, that we must: (i) respond to duly authorized information requests of law enforcement agencies, regulators, courts, and other public authorities, including to meet national security or other law enforcement requirements; (ii) comply with any law, regulation, subpoena, or court order; (iii) investigate and help prevent security threats, fraud or other criminal or malicious activity; (iv) enforce/protect the rights and properties of Elastic or our affiliates; or (v) protect the rights or personal safety of Elastic's and our affiliates' employees, and third parties on or using Elastic property when allowed and in line with the requirements of applicable law.Elastic may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.For Corporate TransactionsWe may share your information where, whether for strategic or other business reasons, Elastic decides to sell, buy, merge, or otherwise reorganize its businesses. In such transactions, we may disclose or transfer your personal data to prospective or actual purchasers or receive your personal data from sellers. Our practice is to seek appropriate protection for your personal data in these types of transactions.Cookies and Website Automatic Data CollectionPlease see ourCookie Statementfor detailed information on our use of cookies and Automatic Data Collection Tools.Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal DataWe only use your personal data in a lawful, transparent, and fair manner. Depending on the specific personal data concerned and the factual context, we rely on the following legal bases:As necessary to prepare and enter into a contract;Consistent with specific revocable consents;As necessary to comply with our legal obligations;To protect your vital interests or those of others; andAs necessary for our (or others') legitimate interests, including our interests in, unless those interests are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms, which require protection of personal data.International Data TransfersElastic operates globally, which means personal data collected in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), UK, or Switzerland may be transferred to all other countries in which Elastic or its affiliates, service providers, and business partners operate. We protect your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Statement wherever it is processed and take steps to carry out these transfers in compliance with applicable laws. These steps include putting data transfer agreements in place to help protect your personal data, participating in the U.S. Department of Commerce'sData Privacy Framework, implementing the European Commission'sstandard contractual clausesalong with supplementary measures, implementing the Information Commissioner's Office international data transfer addendum to the European Commission's standard contractual clauses, and relying on the European Commission's and the Information Commissioner's Office'sadequacy decisionsabout certain countries, as applicable, for data transfers from the EEA, UK, and Switzerland to the United States and other countries. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our service providers, partners and affiliates.Data Privacy FrameworkElastic complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Elastic has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Elastic has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy statement and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. Elastic's commitments under the Data Privacy Framework are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the United States Federal Trade Commission. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit theData privacy framework website.As set out above, Elastic uses a limited number of third-party service providers to assist us in providing our services to our users and business customers, and in otherwise conducting our business. These third parties may access, process, or store personal data in the course of providing their services. Elastic maintains contracts with these third parties restricting their access, use and disclosure of personal data in compliance with our Data Privacy Framework obligations, including the onward transfer provisions, and Elastic remains liable if they fail to meet those obligations and Elastic is responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.Your Privacy RightsDepending on where you live, you may have certain rights such as:Access:To request and obtain a copy of your personal data that is held by Elastic;Rectification:To request the correction of your personal data held by Elastic in order to update any incomplete or inaccurate information;Deletion:To request to have your personal data held by Elastic deleted;Restrict Processing:To request that we restrict the processing of your personal data where:You dispute the accuracy of the data;The processing is unlawful, but you do not wish to have it delete; orElastic no longer needs the data, but you need it to assert, exercise, or defend legal claims.Objection:To object to the further processing of your personal data at any time;Portability:To request to receive the personal data you have provided to Elastic in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format; andWithdrawal of consent:To request to withdraw consent at any time, where previously given.If your personal data is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner that is not specified in this Statement, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data used or disclosed in such a manner. Requests opt-out of such uses or disclosures should be sent to us as specified in the "How to Contact Us" section of this Statement below.Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, and religious or political beliefs may be considered "Sensitive Personal Data." Elastic will not process Sensitive Personal Data for a purpose other than for the purpose it was originally collected or subsequently authorized unless we have received your affirmative and explicit consent.In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Elastic also commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal data. Individuals located in the EU, UK, or Switzerland with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of their personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Elastic by submitting thisform. Please identify yourself and specify your request. We use commercially reasonable efforts to delete your personal data as required, but retain records necessary to comply with a governmental authority or applicable federal, state, or local law. Where legally permitted, we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, or jeopardize the privacy of others.You may also have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal data. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Elastic commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs), the UK Information Commissioners Office (ICO) and the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If Elastic itself, or through cooperation with the relevant DPA, does not resolve your complaint, you may have the possibility to engage in binding arbitration through the Data Privacy Framework Panel. For more information on this option, please seeAnnex Iof the Data Privacy Framework Principles.Subscription Communications and General CommunicationsYou have the option of subscribing to communications from us. Elastic subscription communications include email newsletters, software updates, and maintenance notifications that may be expressly requested by you or which you consented to receive.After you consent to such communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions in the email. To unsubscribe from all Elastic email lists, pleaseclick here.U.S. State Privacy Law Requirementsome U.S. state privacy laws like the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA) require specific disclosures for state residents.This Privacy Statement is designed to help you understand how Elastic handles your personal data:We explain the categories of personal data we collect and the sources of that personal data inInformation We Collect & How We Collect It.We explain how we use personal data inHow We Use the Information.We explain when we may share information inHow We Share the Information.We do not sell your personal data to any third parties. We also do not "share" your personal information as that term is defined in the CCPA.We explain how we retain personal data in the Data Retention section of this Privacy Statement.State laws like the CCPA and VCDPA also provide the right to request information about how we collect, use, and disclose personal data. And they give you the right to access and correct personal data, and to request that Elastic delete that personal data.To exercise your rights, you may raise a request by submitting thisform. Please identify yourself and specify your request. We use commercially reasonable efforts to delete your personal data as required, but retain records necessary to comply with a governmental authority or applicable federal, state, or local law. Where legally permitted, we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, or jeopardize the privacy of others. If you disagree with the decision on your request, you can ask us to reconsider it by responding to the team's email.For additional information related to your rights and for other required disclosures for residents of California, please see ourCalifornia Privacy Rights Statement.SecurityElastic is committed to protecting the security of personal data. We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect personal data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Despite these measures, Elastic cannot eliminate security risks associated with personal data, and mistakes and security breaches may happen. We retain the data only as required or permitted by law, and while the data continues to have a legitimate business purpose. Please contact us with security questions atsecurity@elastic.co.Other InformationData Retention. We retain information collected in connection with the Properties for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Statement or where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so.Changes to this Privacy Statement. This General Privacy Statement is subject to occasional revision. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use personal data, we will take appropriate measures to inform our customers, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will provide notice of any material changes if and where required by applicable data protection laws.The date of the most recent update to this General Privacy Statement can be found by checking the "effective" date displayed at the top of this Statement.How to Contact UsIf you have any questions or concerns regarding this Statement, you may call us at +1.650.458.2620, submit your request through ourform, or send your request by postal mail to:Elasticsearch, Inc.Attn: Privacy Team88 Kearny StreetFloor 19San Francisco, CA 94018 USAOrElasticsearch B.V.Attn: Privacy TeamKeizersgracht 2811016 ED AmsterdamThe NetherlandsData Protection Officer. Elastic has appointed an external Data Protection Officer for German data subjects. For questions about how information is gathered, stored, shared, used, or to exercise any data subject rights, please contact our Data Protection Officershere.If we are unable to resolve your concerns, you have the right to contact your local data privacy supervisory authority or seek a remedy through the courts if you believe your requests to exercise your rights have not been honored. General Privacy Statement General Privacy Statement General Privacy Statement Effective Date: March 25, 2025This General Privacy Statement (also referred to as our "Privacy Statement") explains how Elasticsearch, Inc., and our subsidiaries and affiliated companies ("Elastic," "we," "our," or "us") collect, use, share and otherwise process information that identifies or could be identifiable to you ("personal data" or "personal information").Residents of the EEA, United Kingdom, and SwitzerlandIf EEA, UK, or Swiss data protection law applies to the processing of your personal data, you can review the "Your Privacy Rights" section below to learn more about your rights and Elastic's compliance with applicable laws.California ResidentsIf you are a California resident, theCalifornia Privacy Rights Statementsupplements this General Privacy Statement and provides an explanation of how Elastic "discloses" for "business purposes," but does not "sell" or "share" your "personal information," as those terms are defined under California law.Interaction Specific StatementsWe supplement this Statement with the following specific statements based on how we interact with you:Product Privacy Statement. This statement applies to the information we collect and use in connection with customer deployments of our products and services.Applicant Privacy Statement. This statement applies to the personal data we collect and use in connection with our employment recruiting process.California Privacy Rights Statement. This statement explains the privacy rights of California residents.Cookie Statement. This statement explains how we use cookies and similar technologies.General Privacy Statement ContentsScope & ResponsibilitiesInformation We Collect & How We Collect ItHow We Use the InformationHow We Share the InformationCookies and Website Automatic Data CollectionLegal Basis for Processing Your Personal DataInternational Data TransfersData Privacy FrameworkYour Privacy RightsU.S. State Law RequirementsSecurityOther InformationHow to Contact UsScope & ResponsibilitiesThis General Privacy Statement explains your rights and choices related to the personal data we collect when:You visit, interact with or use any of our websites, social media pages, marketing or sales communications, or register for our products and services ("Online Properties"); andYou visit, interact with or use any of our offices, events, sales, marketing and other offline activities ("Offline Properties")(collectively, the "Properties");This General Privacy Statement does not cover:Automatic collection from our products and services:This Statement does not cover the information we may automatically collect in connection with your use of Elastic products and services as a customer or user. Please see ourProduct Privacy Statementfor that information.Applicant Information:This Statement does not cover information related to our employment recruiting efforts. Please see ourApplicant Privacy Statementfor that information.Customer Content:Certain Elastic products permit customers to ingest or upload and submit content to the products ("Customer Content"). This notice does not cover Customer Content, including any personal data about you that may be contained in Customer Content, because the Customer, rather than Elastic, controls how Customer Content is processed. Any questions about the processing of Customer Content should be addressed to the Customer directly.Organizational Use:When you use our products or services on behalf of an organization (e.g., your employer), your use is administered and provisioned by your organization under its policies regarding the use and protection of personal data. If you have questions about how your data is being accessed or used by your organization, please refer to your organization's privacy policy and direct your inquiries to your organization's system administrator.Elastic determines the purposes and means for the processing (i.e., we are the data controller) of your personal data as described in this Privacy Statement unless expressly specified otherwise.Information We Collect & How We Collect ItElastic collects personal data and other information from you directly, through automated means, and from third parties. More information on each category follows:From YouWe collect personal data when you voluntarily provide it to us (including to our service providers or other parties who collect it on our behalf). For example, we collect personal data when you order, register to use, or request information about Elastic products and services, subscribe to marketing communications, complete surveys, provide such data in product feedback, or sign up for an Elastic event or webinar. We may also collect personal data from you when you attend one of our events, during phone calls with sales representatives, or when you contact customer support.The personal data we collect may include contact information (such as your name, address, telephone number, or email address), professional information (such as your employer name, address, job title, department or job role), user IDs, and passwords, and contact preferences. We collect information you choose to provide when completing any "free text" boxes in our forms (for example, for event sign-up, product feedback, or survey requests), and we collect personal data disclosed by you on message boards, chat features (such as Elastic Bot), blogs, and other services or platforms to which you can post information and materials (including third party services and platforms). We may also collect billing and transactional information.AutomaticallyWe use technology that is integrated into our Online Properties such as cookies, web beacons, and embedded URLs to provide us with automated data collection.Online PropertiesWe automatically collect certain information when you use, access, or interact with our Online Properties. This information may include unique identification numbers and other information about the specific device you are using, such as the hardware model, operating system version, web-browser software, your Internet Protocol (IP) address/MAC address/device identifier, device event information (such as crashes, system activity, and hardware settings, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL), broad geographic location (e.g., country or city-level location) and other technical data that uniquely identifies your browser. We may also collect information about how your device has interacted with our Online Properties, such as the pages accessed and other statistical information. To learn more, please read theElastic Cookie Statement.Elastic ProductsElastic may automatically collect information in connection with your organization's deployment of certain products. See ourProduct Privacy Statementfor more information.From Third-Party SourcesWe may also acquire data from other sources including affiliates in our corporate group, our partners, or others that we use to make our information better or more useful. For example, we may compare the geographic information acquired from commercial sources with the IP address collected by our Automatic Data Collection Tools (see ourCookie Statement) to derive your general geographic area. Information may also be linked via a unique identifier, such as a cookie or account number.How We Use the InformationDepending on the situation, we may use your information for the following purposes:Communications and Transaction Processing.We use your information to communicate with you, respond to your requests, and provide the information you requested. We also use personal data, including financial, credit card, and payment information, to process transactions.Provision, Administer, and Support Your Account.We use your information to provide our products and manage your account. Examples include managing product downloads, updates and fixes, providing support and recommendations, and sending other administrative or account-related communications, including release notes.Manage Your Customer Experience.We use your information to maintain accurate contact and registration data, deliver support, and to offer products, services, and features. We also use your data to deliver personalized communications and create recommendations based on your use of Elastic products, services, features, and your visits on our websites.Advertising.We use your information to provide personalized advertising to you per your privacy preferences settings and applicable law. We might also share some of your information with marketing service providers and digital marketing networks to present advertisements that might interest you. This may involve the use of Automatic Data Collection Tools. To learn more about how Elastic uses Automated Data Collection Tools please see ourCookie Statement.Facilitate and Evaluate Use of the Online Properties.We use your information to provide the Online Properties, to facilitate your use of the Online Properties (such as facilitating navigation and the login process, preserving information between sessions and enhancing security), to improve quality, to evaluate page response rates and personalize and determine content.Business Operations.We use your information to conduct ordinary business operations, e.g., business research and analytics, corporate reporting and management, staff training and quality assurance purposes, and outreach.Security.We use the information to maintain the integrity and security of our websites, products and services and preventing and detecting security threats, fraud, or other criminal or malicious activity that might compromise your information or the information of other customers or website visitors.Third Party Social Networks.We may use personal data to interact with you on third party social networks (subject to that network's terms of use).Conferences and Events.Elastic and our partners may use your information to communicate with you about our events or our partner events. After the event, Elastic may contact you about the event and related products and services. We may share information about your attendance with your company, and our conference sponsors and partners, to the extent we are legally permitted to do so. If a partner or conference sponsor directly requests your personal data at their conference booths or presentations, your information will be handled per their privacy practices. We recommend that you review the privacy practices of such partners and sponsors.Education and Training:If you sign up for an Elastic certification course or training, Elastic will use your information to facilitate the delivery of such course or training.Research & Innovation.We use your information to develop new products, features, and services using research and development tools and incorporating data analysis activities.Personalization.Also, in some circumstances we may use AI to personalize your email experience and provide relevant content.Comply with Law.We use your information as required to be compliant with applicable laws, regulations, court orders, government, and law enforcement requests.Other Legitimate Business Purposes:We may use your information when it is necessary for other legitimate purposes, such as protecting Elastic's confidential and proprietary information.How We Share the InformationWe share your personal data with the following categories of recipients and only with the appropriate contractual obligations in place:With Elastic CompaniesWe may transfer your personal data to other Elastic entities in the US and worldwide for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Statement. We protect your personal data per this Statement wherever it is processed and take appropriate contractual or other steps to protect it under applicable laws. These steps include participating in the U.S. Department of Commerce's Data Privacy Framework, implementing the European Commission'sstandard contractual clausesalong with supplementary measures, implementing the Information Commissioner's Officeinternational data transfer addendumto the European Commission's standard contractual clauses, and relying on the European Commission's and the Information Commissioner's Office'sadequacy decisionsabout certain countries, as applicable, for data transfers from the EEA, UK, and Switzerland to the United States and other countries. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our service providers, partners, and affiliates. Furthermore, our privacy guidelines are communicated to our employees on an annual basis as part of our mandatory training.With Service ProvidersWe may share your information with third parties, such as vendors, consultants, agents and other service providers who provide services such as IT and system administration and hosting, credit card processing, research and analytics, marketing, targeted advertising, training and certifications, customer support, and data enrichment for the purposes and according to the legal bases described below. Our service providers are required by contract to safeguard any personal data they receive from us and are prohibited from using the personal data for any purpose other than to perform the services as instructed by Elastic. These service providers may be located in the US or other global locations.With Business PartnersWe may share your information with our partners, such as distributors and resellers, and to other business partners, to fulfill product and information requests, to effectively deliver unified support, to provide customers and prospective customers with information about Elastic, and for event purposes. From time to time, Elastic may engage in joint sales, product promotions, or events with selected business partners. If you purchase or express interest in a jointly-offered product, promotion, service, or event, we may share relevant personal data with those partners. Such partners are responsible for managing their use of the personal data collected in these circumstances, including providing information to you about how they use your personal information. We recommend you review the privacy policies of the relevant partner to find out more about their handling of your personal information.With Competent AuthoritiesWe may share your personal data when we believe, in good faith, that we must: (i) respond to duly authorized information requests of law enforcement agencies, regulators, courts, and other public authorities, including to meet national security or other law enforcement requirements; (ii) comply with any law, regulation, subpoena, or court order; (iii) investigate and help prevent security threats, fraud or other criminal or malicious activity; (iv) enforce/protect the rights and properties of Elastic or our affiliates; or (v) protect the rights or personal safety of Elastic's and our affiliates' employees, and third parties on or using Elastic property when allowed and in line with the requirements of applicable law.Elastic may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.For Corporate TransactionsWe may share your information where, whether for strategic or other business reasons, Elastic decides to sell, buy, merge, or otherwise reorganize its businesses. In such transactions, we may disclose or transfer your personal data to prospective or actual purchasers or receive your personal data from sellers. Our practice is to seek appropriate protection for your personal data in these types of transactions.Cookies and Website Automatic Data CollectionPlease see ourCookie Statementfor detailed information on our use of cookies and Automatic Data Collection Tools.Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal DataWe only use your personal data in a lawful, transparent, and fair manner. Depending on the specific personal data concerned and the factual context, we rely on the following legal bases:As necessary to prepare and enter into a contract;Consistent with specific revocable consents;As necessary to comply with our legal obligations;To protect your vital interests or those of others; andAs necessary for our (or others') legitimate interests, including our interests in, unless those interests are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms, which require protection of personal data.International Data TransfersElastic operates globally, which means personal data collected in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), UK, or Switzerland may be transferred to all other countries in which Elastic or its affiliates, service providers, and business partners operate. We protect your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Statement wherever it is processed and take steps to carry out these transfers in compliance with applicable laws. These steps include putting data transfer agreements in place to help protect your personal data, participating in the U.S. Department of Commerce'sData Privacy Framework, implementing the European Commission'sstandard contractual clausesalong with supplementary measures, implementing the Information Commissioner's Office international data transfer addendum to the European Commission's standard contractual clauses, and relying on the European Commission's and the Information Commissioner's Office'sadequacy decisionsabout certain countries, as applicable, for data transfers from the EEA, UK, and Switzerland to the United States and other countries. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our service providers, partners and affiliates.Data Privacy FrameworkElastic complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Elastic has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Elastic has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy statement and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. Elastic's commitments under the Data Privacy Framework are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the United States Federal Trade Commission. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit theData privacy framework website.As set out above, Elastic uses a limited number of third-party service providers to assist us in providing our services to our users and business customers, and in otherwise conducting our business. These third parties may access, process, or store personal data in the course of providing their services. Elastic maintains contracts with these third parties restricting their access, use and disclosure of personal data in compliance with our Data Privacy Framework obligations, including the onward transfer provisions, and Elastic remains liable if they fail to meet those obligations and Elastic is responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.Your Privacy RightsDepending on where you live, you may have certain rights such as:Access:To request and obtain a copy of your personal data that is held by Elastic;Rectification:To request the correction of your personal data held by Elastic in order to update any incomplete or inaccurate information;Deletion:To request to have your personal data held by Elastic deleted;Restrict Processing:To request that we restrict the processing of your personal data where:You dispute the accuracy of the data;The processing is unlawful, but you do not wish to have it delete; orElastic no longer needs the data, but you need it to assert, exercise, or defend legal claims.Objection:To object to the further processing of your personal data at any time;Portability:To request to receive the personal data you have provided to Elastic in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format; andWithdrawal of consent:To request to withdraw consent at any time, where previously given.If your personal data is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner that is not specified in this Statement, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data used or disclosed in such a manner. Requests opt-out of such uses or disclosures should be sent to us as specified in the "How to Contact Us" section of this Statement below.Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, and religious or political beliefs may be considered "Sensitive Personal Data." Elastic will not process Sensitive Personal Data for a purpose other than for the purpose it was originally collected or subsequently authorized unless we have received your affirmative and explicit consent.In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Elastic also commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal data. Individuals located in the EU, UK, or Switzerland with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of their personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Elastic by submitting thisform. Please identify yourself and specify your request. We use commercially reasonable efforts to delete your personal data as required, but retain records necessary to comply with a governmental authority or applicable federal, state, or local law. Where legally permitted, we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, or jeopardize the privacy of others.You may also have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal data. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Elastic commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs), the UK Information Commissioners Office (ICO) and the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If Elastic itself, or through cooperation with the relevant DPA, does not resolve your complaint, you may have the possibility to engage in binding arbitration through the Data Privacy Framework Panel. For more information on this option, please seeAnnex Iof the Data Privacy Framework Principles.Subscription Communications and General CommunicationsYou have the option of subscribing to communications from us. Elastic subscription communications include email newsletters, software updates, and maintenance notifications that may be expressly requested by you or which you consented to receive.After you consent to such communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions in the email. To unsubscribe from all Elastic email lists, pleaseclick here.U.S. State Privacy Law Requirementsome U.S. state privacy laws like the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA) require specific disclosures for state residents.This Privacy Statement is designed to help you understand how Elastic handles your personal data:We explain the categories of personal data we collect and the sources of that personal data inInformation We Collect & How We Collect It.We explain how we use personal data inHow We Use the Information.We explain when we may share information inHow We Share the Information.We do not sell your personal data to any third parties. We also do not "share" your personal information as that term is defined in the CCPA.We explain how we retain personal data in the Data Retention section of this Privacy Statement.State laws like the CCPA and VCDPA also provide the right to request information about how we collect, use, and disclose personal data. And they give you the right to access and correct personal data, and to request that Elastic delete that personal data.To exercise your rights, you may raise a request by submitting thisform. Please identify yourself and specify your request. We use commercially reasonable efforts to delete your personal data as required, but retain records necessary to comply with a governmental authority or applicable federal, state, or local law. Where legally permitted, we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, or jeopardize the privacy of others. If you disagree with the decision on your request, you can ask us to reconsider it by responding to the team's email.For additional information related to your rights and for other required disclosures for residents of California, please see ourCalifornia Privacy Rights Statement.SecurityElastic is committed to protecting the security of personal data. We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect personal data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Despite these measures, Elastic cannot eliminate security risks associated with personal data, and mistakes and security breaches may happen. We retain the data only as required or permitted by law, and while the data continues to have a legitimate business purpose. Please contact us with security questions atsecurity@elastic.co.Other InformationData Retention. We retain information collected in connection with the Properties for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Statement or where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so.Changes to this Privacy Statement. This General Privacy Statement is subject to occasional revision. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use personal data, we will take appropriate measures to inform our customers, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will provide notice of any material changes if and where required by applicable data protection laws.The date of the most recent update to this General Privacy Statement can be found by checking the "effective" date displayed at the top of this Statement.How to Contact UsIf you have any questions or concerns regarding this Statement, you may call us at +1.650.458.2620, submit your request through ourform, or send your request by postal mail to:Elasticsearch, Inc.Attn: Privacy Team88 Kearny StreetFloor 19San Francisco, CA 94018 USAOrElasticsearch B.V.Attn: Privacy TeamKeizersgracht 2811016 ED AmsterdamThe NetherlandsData Protection Officer. Elastic has appointed an external Data Protection Officer for German data subjects. For questions about how information is gathered, stored, shared, used, or to exercise any data subject rights, please contact our Data Protection Officershere.If we are unable to resolve your concerns, you have the right to contact your local data privacy supervisory authority or seek a remedy through the courts if you believe your requests to exercise your rights have not been honored. Effective Date: March 25, 2025 This General Privacy Statement (also referred to as our "Privacy Statement") explains how Elasticsearch, Inc., and our subsidiaries and affiliated companies ("Elastic," "we," "our," or "us") collect, use, share and otherwise process information that identifies or could be identifiable to you ("personal data" or "personal information"). Residents of the EEA, United Kingdom, and Switzerland If EEA, UK, or Swiss data protection law applies to the processing of your personal data, you can review the "Your Privacy Rights" section below to learn more about your rights and Elastic's compliance with applicable laws. If you are a California resident, theCalifornia Privacy Rights Statementsupplements this General Privacy Statement and provides an explanation of how Elastic "discloses" for "business purposes," but does not "sell" or "share" your "personal information," as those terms are defined under California law. Interaction Specific Statements We supplement this Statement with the following specific statements based on how we interact with you: Product Privacy Statement. This statement applies to the information we collect and use in connection with customer deployments of our products and services. Applicant Privacy Statement. This statement applies to the personal data we collect and use in connection with our employment recruiting process. California Privacy Rights Statement. This statement explains the privacy rights of California residents. Cookie Statement. This statement explains how we use cookies and similar technologies. General Privacy Statement Contents Scope & ResponsibilitiesInformation We Collect & How We Collect ItHow We Use the InformationHow We Share the InformationCookies and Website Automatic Data CollectionLegal Basis for Processing Your Personal DataInternational Data TransfersData Privacy FrameworkYour Privacy RightsU.S. State Law RequirementsSecurityOther InformationHow to Contact Us Scope & Responsibilities This General Privacy Statement explains your rights and choices related to the personal data we collect when: You visit, interact with or use any of our websites, social media pages, marketing or sales communications, or register for our products and services ("Online Properties"); and You visit, interact with or use any of our offices, events, sales, marketing and other offline activities ("Offline Properties")(collectively, the "Properties"); This General Privacy Statement does not cover: Automatic collection from our products and services:This Statement does not cover the information we may automatically collect in connection with your use of Elastic products and services as a customer or user. Please see ourProduct Privacy Statementfor that information. Automatic collection from our products and services:This Statement does not cover the information we may automatically collect in connection with your use of Elastic products and services as a customer or user. Please see ourProduct Privacy Statementfor that information. Applicant Information:This Statement does not cover information related to our employment recruiting efforts. Please see ourApplicant Privacy Statementfor that information. Applicant Information:This Statement does not cover information related to our employment recruiting efforts. Please see ourApplicant Privacy Statementfor that information. Customer Content:Certain Elastic products permit customers to ingest or upload and submit content to the products ("Customer Content"). This notice does not cover Customer Content, including any personal data about you that may be contained in Customer Content, because the Customer, rather than Elastic, controls how Customer Content is processed. Any questions about the processing of Customer Content should be addressed to the Customer directly. Customer Content:Certain Elastic products permit customers to ingest or upload and submit content to the products ("Customer Content"). This notice does not cover Customer Content, including any personal data about you that may be contained in Customer Content, because the Customer, rather than Elastic, controls how Customer Content is processed. Any questions about the processing of Customer Content should be addressed to the Customer directly. Organizational Use:When you use our products or services on behalf of an organization (e.g., your employer), your use is administered and provisioned by your organization under its policies regarding the use and protection of personal data. If you have questions about how your data is being accessed or used by your organization, please refer to your organization's privacy policy and direct your inquiries to your organization's system administrator. Organizational Use:When you use our products or services on behalf of an organization (e.g., your employer), your use is administered and provisioned by your organization under its policies regarding the use and protection of personal data. If you have questions about how your data is being accessed or used by your organization, please refer to your organization's privacy policy and direct your inquiries to your organization's system administrator. Elastic determines the purposes and means for the processing (i.e., we are the data controller) of your personal data as described in this Privacy Statement unless expressly specified otherwise. Information We Collect & How We Collect It Elastic collects personal data and other information from you directly, through automated means, and from third parties. More information on each category follows: We collect personal data when you voluntarily provide it to us (including to our service providers or other parties who collect it on our behalf). For example, we collect personal data when you order, register to use, or request information about Elastic products and services, subscribe to marketing communications, complete surveys, provide such data in product feedback, or sign up for an Elastic event or webinar. We may also collect personal data from you when you attend one of our events, during phone calls with sales representatives, or when you contact customer support. The personal data we collect may include contact information (such as your name, address, telephone number, or email address), professional information (such as your employer name, address, job title, department or job role), user IDs, and passwords, and contact preferences. We collect information you choose to provide when completing any "free text" boxes in our forms (for example, for event sign-up, product feedback, or survey requests), and we collect personal data disclosed by you on message boards, chat features (such as Elastic Bot), blogs, and other services or platforms to which you can post information and materials (including third party services and platforms). We may also collect billing and transactional information. We use technology that is integrated into our Online Properties such as cookies, web beacons, and embedded URLs to provide us with automated data collection. We automatically collect certain information when you use, access, or interact with our Online Properties. This information may include unique identification numbers and other information about the specific device you are using, such as the hardware model, operating system version, web-browser software, your Internet Protocol (IP) address/MAC address/device identifier, device event information (such as crashes, system activity, and hardware settings, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL), broad geographic location (e.g., country or city-level location) and other technical data that uniquely identifies your browser. We may also collect information about how your device has interacted with our Online Properties, such as the pages accessed and other statistical information. To learn more, please read theElastic Cookie Statement. Elastic may automatically collect information in connection with your organization's deployment of certain products. See ourProduct Privacy Statementfor more information. From Third-Party Sources We may also acquire data from other sources including affiliates in our corporate group, our partners, or others that we use to make our information better or more useful. For example, we may compare the geographic information acquired from commercial sources with the IP address collected by our Automatic Data Collection Tools (see ourCookie Statement) to derive your general geographic area. Information may also be linked via a unique identifier, such as a cookie or account number. How We Use the Information Depending on the situation, we may use your information for the following purposes: Communications and Transaction Processing.We use your information to communicate with you, respond to your requests, and provide the information you requested. We also use personal data, including financial, credit card, and payment information, to process transactions. Communications and Transaction Processing.We use your information to communicate with you, respond to your requests, and provide the information you requested. We also use personal data, including financial, credit card, and payment information, to process transactions. Provision, Administer, and Support Your Account.We use your information to provide our products and manage your account. Examples include managing product downloads, updates and fixes, providing support and recommendations, and sending other administrative or account-related communications, including release notes. Provision, Administer, and Support Your Account.We use your information to provide our products and manage your account. Examples include managing product downloads, updates and fixes, providing support and recommendations, and sending other administrative or account-related communications, including release notes. Manage Your Customer Experience.We use your information to maintain accurate contact and registration data, deliver support, and to offer products, services, and features. We also use your data to deliver personalized communications and create recommendations based on your use of Elastic products, services, features, and your visits on our websites. Manage Your Customer Experience.We use your information to maintain accurate contact and registration data, deliver support, and to offer products, services, and features. We also use your data to deliver personalized communications and create recommendations based on your use of Elastic products, services, features, and your visits on our websites. Advertising.We use your information to provide personalized advertising to you per your privacy preferences settings and applicable law. We might also share some of your information with marketing service providers and digital marketing networks to present advertisements that might interest you. This may involve the use of Automatic Data Collection Tools. To learn more about how Elastic uses Automated Data Collection Tools please see ourCookie Statement. Advertising.We use your information to provide personalized advertising to you per your privacy preferences settings and applicable law. We might also share some of your information with marketing service providers and digital marketing networks to present advertisements that might interest you. This may involve the use of Automatic Data Collection Tools. To learn more about how Elastic uses Automated Data Collection Tools please see ourCookie Statement. Facilitate and Evaluate Use of the Online Properties.We use your information to provide the Online Properties, to facilitate your use of the Online Properties (such as facilitating navigation and the login process, preserving information between sessions and enhancing security), to improve quality, to evaluate page response rates and personalize and determine content. Facilitate and Evaluate Use of the Online Properties.We use your information to provide the Online Properties, to facilitate your use of the Online Properties (such as facilitating navigation and the login process, preserving information between sessions and enhancing security), to improve quality, to evaluate page response rates and personalize and determine content. Business Operations.We use your information to conduct ordinary business operations, e.g., business research and analytics, corporate reporting and management, staff training and quality assurance purposes, and outreach. Business Operations.We use your information to conduct ordinary business operations, e.g., business research and analytics, corporate reporting and management, staff training and quality assurance purposes, and outreach. Security.We use the information to maintain the integrity and security of our websites, products and services and preventing and detecting security threats, fraud, or other criminal or malicious activity that might compromise your information or the information of other customers or website visitors. Security.We use the information to maintain the integrity and security of our websites, products and services and preventing and detecting security threats, fraud, or other criminal or malicious activity that might compromise your information or the information of other customers or website visitors. Third Party Social Networks.We may use personal data to interact with you on third party social networks (subject to that network's terms of use). Third Party Social Networks.We may use personal data to interact with you on third party social networks (subject to that network's terms of use). Conferences and Events.Elastic and our partners may use your information to communicate with you about our events or our partner events. After the event, Elastic may contact you about the event and related products and services. We may share information about your attendance with your company, and our conference sponsors and partners, to the extent we are legally permitted to do so. If a partner or conference sponsor directly requests your personal data at their conference booths or presentations, your information will be handled per their privacy practices. We recommend that you review the privacy practices of such partners and sponsors. Conferences and Events.Elastic and our partners may use your information to communicate with you about our events or our partner events. After the event, Elastic may contact you about the event and related products and services. We may share information about your attendance with your company, and our conference sponsors and partners, to the extent we are legally permitted to do so. If a partner or conference sponsor directly requests your personal data at their conference booths or presentations, your information will be handled per their privacy practices. We recommend that you review the privacy practices of such partners and sponsors. Education and Training:If you sign up for an Elastic certification course or training, Elastic will use your information to facilitate the delivery of such course or training. Education and Training:If you sign up for an Elastic certification course or training, Elastic will use your information to facilitate the delivery of such course or training. Research & Innovation.We use your information to develop new products, features, and services using research and development tools and incorporating data analysis activities. Research & Innovation.We use your information to develop new products, features, and services using research and development tools and incorporating data analysis activities. Personalization.Also, in some circumstances we may use AI to personalize your email experience and provide relevant content. Personalization.Also, in some circumstances we may use AI to personalize your email experience and provide relevant content. Comply with Law.We use your information as required to be compliant with applicable laws, regulations, court orders, government, and law enforcement requests. Comply with Law.We use your information as required to be compliant with applicable laws, regulations, court orders, government, and law enforcement requests. Other Legitimate Business Purposes:We may use your information when it is necessary for other legitimate purposes, such as protecting Elastic's confidential and proprietary information. Other Legitimate Business Purposes:We may use your information when it is necessary for other legitimate purposes, such as protecting Elastic's confidential and proprietary information. How We Share the Information We share your personal data with the following categories of recipients and only with the appropriate contractual obligations in place: With Elastic Companies We may transfer your personal data to other Elastic entities in the US and worldwide for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Statement. We protect your personal data per this Statement wherever it is processed and take appropriate contractual or other steps to protect it under applicable laws. These steps include participating in the U.S. Department of Commerce's Data Privacy Framework, implementing the European Commission'sstandard contractual clausesalong with supplementary measures, implementing the Information Commissioner's Officeinternational data transfer addendumto the European Commission's standard contractual clauses, and relying on the European Commission's and the Information Commissioner's Office'sadequacy decisionsabout certain countries, as applicable, for data transfers from the EEA, UK, and Switzerland to the United States and other countries. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our service providers, partners, and affiliates. Furthermore, our privacy guidelines are communicated to our employees on an annual basis as part of our mandatory training. With Service Providers We may share your information with third parties, such as vendors, consultants, agents and other service providers who provide services such as IT and system administration and hosting, credit card processing, research and analytics, marketing, targeted advertising, training and certifications, customer support, and data enrichment for the purposes and according to the legal bases described below. Our service providers are required by contract to safeguard any personal data they receive from us and are prohibited from using the personal data for any purpose other than to perform the services as instructed by Elastic. These service providers may be located in the US or other global locations. With Business Partners We may share your information with our partners, such as distributors and resellers, and to other business partners, to fulfill product and information requests, to effectively deliver unified support, to provide customers and prospective customers with information about Elastic, and for event purposes. From time to time, Elastic may engage in joint sales, product promotions, or events with selected business partners. If you purchase or express interest in a jointly-offered product, promotion, service, or event, we may share relevant personal data with those partners. Such partners are responsible for managing their use of the personal data collected in these circumstances, including providing information to you about how they use your personal information. We recommend you review the privacy policies of the relevant partner to find out more about their handling of your personal information. With Competent Authorities We may share your personal data when we believe, in good faith, that we must: (i) respond to duly authorized information requests of law enforcement agencies, regulators, courts, and other public authorities, including to meet national security or other law enforcement requirements; (ii) comply with any law, regulation, subpoena, or court order; (iii) investigate and help prevent security threats, fraud or other criminal or malicious activity; (iv) enforce/protect the rights and properties of Elastic or our affiliates; or (v) protect the rights or personal safety of Elastic's and our affiliates' employees, and third parties on or using Elastic property when allowed and in line with the requirements of applicable law. Elastic may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. For Corporate Transactions We may share your information where, whether for strategic or other business reasons, Elastic decides to sell, buy, merge, or otherwise reorganize its businesses. In such transactions, we may disclose or transfer your personal data to prospective or actual purchasers or receive your personal data from sellers. Our practice is to seek appropriate protection for your personal data in these types of transactions. Cookies and Website Automatic Data Collection Please see ourCookie Statementfor detailed information on our use of cookies and Automatic Data Collection Tools. Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Data We only use your personal data in a lawful, transparent, and fair manner. Depending on the specific personal data concerned and the factual context, we rely on the following legal bases: As necessary to prepare and enter into a contract; Consistent with specific revocable consents; As necessary to comply with our legal obligations; To protect your vital interests or those of others; and As necessary for our (or others') legitimate interests, including our interests in, unless those interests are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms, which require protection of personal data. International Data Transfers Elastic operates globally, which means personal data collected in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), UK, or Switzerland may be transferred to all other countries in which Elastic or its affiliates, service providers, and business partners operate. We protect your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Statement wherever it is processed and take steps to carry out these transfers in compliance with applicable laws. These steps include putting data transfer agreements in place to help protect your personal data, participating in the U.S. Department of Commerce'sData Privacy Framework, implementing the European Commission'sstandard contractual clausesalong with supplementary measures, implementing the Information Commissioner's Office international data transfer addendum to the European Commission's standard contractual clauses, and relying on the European Commission's and the Information Commissioner's Office'sadequacy decisionsabout certain countries, as applicable, for data transfers from the EEA, UK, and Switzerland to the United States and other countries. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our service providers, partners and affiliates. Data Privacy Framework Elastic complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Elastic has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Elastic has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy statement and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. Elastic's commitments under the Data Privacy Framework are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the United States Federal Trade Commission. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit theData privacy framework website. As set out above, Elastic uses a limited number of third-party service providers to assist us in providing our services to our users and business customers, and in otherwise conducting our business. These third parties may access, process, or store personal data in the course of providing their services. Elastic maintains contracts with these third parties restricting their access, use and disclosure of personal data in compliance with our Data Privacy Framework obligations, including the onward transfer provisions, and Elastic remains liable if they fail to meet those obligations and Elastic is responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. Depending on where you live, you may have certain rights such as: Access:To request and obtain a copy of your personal data that is held by Elastic; Rectification:To request the correction of your personal data held by Elastic in order to update any incomplete or inaccurate information; Deletion:To request to have your personal data held by Elastic deleted; Restrict Processing:To request that we restrict the processing of your personal data where:You dispute the accuracy of the data;The processing is unlawful, but you do not wish to have it delete; orElastic no longer needs the data, but you need it to assert, exercise, or defend legal claims. You dispute the accuracy of the data; The processing is unlawful, but you do not wish to have it delete; or Elastic no longer needs the data, but you need it to assert, exercise, or defend legal claims. Objection:To object to the further processing of your personal data at any time; Portability:To request to receive the personal data you have provided to Elastic in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format; and Withdrawal of consent:To request to withdraw consent at any time, where previously given. If your personal data is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner that is not specified in this Statement, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data used or disclosed in such a manner. Requests opt-out of such uses or disclosures should be sent to us as specified in the "How to Contact Us" section of this Statement below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, and religious or political beliefs may be considered "Sensitive Personal Data." Elastic will not process Sensitive Personal Data for a purpose other than for the purpose it was originally collected or subsequently authorized unless we have received your affirmative and explicit consent. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Elastic also commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal data. Individuals located in the EU, UK, or Switzerland with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of their personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Elastic by submitting thisform. Please identify yourself and specify your request. We use commercially reasonable efforts to delete your personal data as required, but retain records necessary to comply with a governmental authority or applicable federal, state, or local law. Where legally permitted, we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, or jeopardize the privacy of others. You may also have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal data. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Elastic commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs), the UK Information Commissioners Office (ICO) and the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If Elastic itself, or through cooperation with the relevant DPA, does not resolve your complaint, you may have the possibility to engage in binding arbitration through the Data Privacy Framework Panel. For more information on this option, please seeAnnex Iof the Data Privacy Framework Principles. Subscription Communications and General Communications You have the option of subscribing to communications from us. Elastic subscription communications include email newsletters, software updates, and maintenance notifications that may be expressly requested by you or which you consented to receive. After you consent to such communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions in the email. To unsubscribe from all Elastic email lists, pleaseclick here. U.S. State Privacy Law Requirements ome U.S. state privacy laws like the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA) require specific disclosures for state residents. This Privacy Statement is designed to help you understand how Elastic handles your personal data: We explain the categories of personal data we collect and the sources of that personal data inInformation We Collect & How We Collect It. We explain how we use personal data inHow We Use the Information. We explain when we may share information inHow We Share the Information.We do not sell your personal data to any third parties. We also do not "share" your personal information as that term is defined in the CCPA. We explain how we retain personal data in the Data Retention section of this Privacy Statement. State laws like the CCPA and VCDPA also provide the right to request information about how we collect, use, and disclose personal data. And they give you the right to access and correct personal data, and to request that Elastic delete that personal data. To exercise your rights, you may raise a request by submitting thisform. Please identify yourself and specify your request. We use commercially reasonable efforts to delete your personal data as required, but retain records necessary to comply with a governmental authority or applicable federal, state, or local law. Where legally permitted, we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, or jeopardize the privacy of others. If you disagree with the decision on your request, you can ask us to reconsider it by responding to the team's email. For additional information related to your rights and for other required disclosures for residents of California, please see ourCalifornia Privacy Rights Statement. Elastic is committed to protecting the security of personal data. We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect personal data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Despite these measures, Elastic cannot eliminate security risks associated with personal data, and mistakes and security breaches may happen. We retain the data only as required or permitted by law, and while the data continues to have a legitimate business purpose. Please contact us with security questions atsecurity@elastic.co. Data Retention. We retain information collected in connection with the Properties for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Statement or where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so. Changes to this Privacy Statement. This General Privacy Statement is subject to occasional revision. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use personal data, we will take appropriate measures to inform our customers, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will provide notice of any material changes if and where required by applicable data protection laws. The date of the most recent update to this General Privacy Statement can be found by checking the "effective" date displayed at the top of this Statement. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Statement, you may call us at +1.650.458.2620, submit your request through ourform, or send your request by postal mail to: Elasticsearch, Inc.Attn: Privacy Team88 Kearny Street Floor 19San Francisco, CA 94018 USA Elasticsearch B.V.Attn: Privacy TeamKeizersgracht 2811016 ED AmsterdamThe Netherlands Data Protection Officer. Elastic has appointed an external Data Protection Officer for German data subjects. For questions about how information is gathered, stored, shared, used, or to exercise any data subject rights, please contact our Data Protection Officershere. If we are unable to resolve your concerns, you have the right to contact your local data privacy supervisory authority or seek a remedy through the courts if you believe your requests to exercise your rights have not been honored.