meet.jit.si Privacy SupplementLast updated:August 21, 202388, Inc. (88) respects your right to privacy. This Privacy Supplement describes what personal information 88 processes for themeet.jit.sivideo meeting service and why. For more general information about privacy at 88, please see the88 Privacy Notice. The meet.jit.si Privacy Notice replaces the What personal information does 88 collect and why? section of the 88 Privacy Notice.What is meet.jit.si?88 is the main contributor to theJitsi.orgopen-source video meetings solution. Meet.jit.si is an application of the Jitsi.org open-source video meetings solution that 88 hosts, which allows users to hold free video meetings.What personal information does meet.jit.si process?To provide the meet.jit.si service, 88 may process and store third-party account credentials to authenticate meet.jit.si users. In addition, meet.jit.si processes and stores the user specified URL used to host the meeting and information about the phone numbers that connect to the meeting (if audio connection is made via a telephone call). In some cases, meeting related content, which may contain personal information, is temporarily stored to enable to enable user functionality in a meet.jit.si video meeting. Examples include:If you use the chat function, chat content is stored during the meeting.If you record a meeting, the recording of the meeting is temporarily stored until it is uploaded to your file hosting service (e.g. DropBox).If you livestream your meeting, video content is temporarily stored to buffer the livestream.In addition, users of meet.jit.si have the option of providing name, email address, and link to a picture that will be displayed to participants in the meeting.How is this information used?88 is not in the business of selling personal information to third parties. 88 uses this information to deliver the meet.jit.si service, to identify and troubleshoot problems with the meet.jit.si service, and to improve the meet.jit.si service. In addition, 88 may use this information to investigate fraud or abuse on the meet.jit.si service.How to contact usIf you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, please contact our data protection officer at:dpo@88.com.Use of YouTube livestreaming is governed by Google, by using the livestreaming users are agreeing to be bound by theYouTube Terms of Service. YouTube API Services are used for retrieving the livestream id. TheYouTube API Clientmay directly or indirectly access or collect information from a users device and may also place and access cookies or similar technologies on users devices or browsers. 88 access to data can be revoked at any time using Googlessecurity settings page. meet.jit.si Privacy SupplementLast updated:August 21, 202388, Inc. (88) respects your right to privacy. This Privacy Supplement describes what personal information 88 processes for themeet.jit.sivideo meeting service and why. For more general information about privacy at 88, please see the88 Privacy Notice. The meet.jit.si Privacy Notice replaces the What personal information does 88 collect and why? section of the 88 Privacy Notice.What is meet.jit.si?88 is the main contributor to theJitsi.orgopen-source video meetings solution. Meet.jit.si is an application of the Jitsi.org open-source video meetings solution that 88 hosts, which allows users to hold free video meetings.What personal information does meet.jit.si process?To provide the meet.jit.si service, 88 may process and store third-party account credentials to authenticate meet.jit.si users. In addition, meet.jit.si processes and stores the user specified URL used to host the meeting and information about the phone numbers that connect to the meeting (if audio connection is made via a telephone call). In some cases, meeting related content, which may contain personal information, is temporarily stored to enable to enable user functionality in a meet.jit.si video meeting. Examples include:If you use the chat function, chat content is stored during the meeting.If you record a meeting, the recording of the meeting is temporarily stored until it is uploaded to your file hosting service (e.g. DropBox).If you livestream your meeting, video content is temporarily stored to buffer the livestream.In addition, users of meet.jit.si have the option of providing name, email address, and link to a picture that will be displayed to participants in the meeting.How is this information used?88 is not in the business of selling personal information to third parties. 88 uses this information to deliver the meet.jit.si service, to identify and troubleshoot problems with the meet.jit.si service, and to improve the meet.jit.si service. In addition, 88 may use this information to investigate fraud or abuse on the meet.jit.si service.How to contact usIf you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, please contact our data protection officer at:dpo@88.com.Use of YouTube livestreaming is governed by Google, by using the livestreaming users are agreeing to be bound by theYouTube Terms of Service. YouTube API Services are used for retrieving the livestream id. TheYouTube API Clientmay directly or indirectly access or collect information from a users device and may also place and access cookies or similar technologies on users devices or browsers. 88 access to data can be revoked at any time using Googlessecurity settings page. meet.jit.si Privacy SupplementLast updated:August 21, 202388, Inc. (88) respects your right to privacy. This Privacy Supplement describes what personal information 88 processes for themeet.jit.sivideo meeting service and why. For more general information about privacy at 88, please see the88 Privacy Notice. The meet.jit.si Privacy Notice replaces the What personal information does 88 collect and why? section of the 88 Privacy Notice.What is meet.jit.si?88 is the main contributor to theJitsi.orgopen-source video meetings solution. Meet.jit.si is an application of the Jitsi.org open-source video meetings solution that 88 hosts, which allows users to hold free video meetings.What personal information does meet.jit.si process?To provide the meet.jit.si service, 88 may process and store third-party account credentials to authenticate meet.jit.si users. In addition, meet.jit.si processes and stores the user specified URL used to host the meeting and information about the phone numbers that connect to the meeting (if audio connection is made via a telephone call). In some cases, meeting related content, which may contain personal information, is temporarily stored to enable to enable user functionality in a meet.jit.si video meeting. Examples include:If you use the chat function, chat content is stored during the meeting.If you record a meeting, the recording of the meeting is temporarily stored until it is uploaded to your file hosting service (e.g. DropBox).If you livestream your meeting, video content is temporarily stored to buffer the livestream.In addition, users of meet.jit.si have the option of providing name, email address, and link to a picture that will be displayed to participants in the meeting.How is this information used?88 is not in the business of selling personal information to third parties. 88 uses this information to deliver the meet.jit.si service, to identify and troubleshoot problems with the meet.jit.si service, and to improve the meet.jit.si service. In addition, 88 may use this information to investigate fraud or abuse on the meet.jit.si service.How to contact usIf you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, please contact our data protection officer at:dpo@88.com.Use of YouTube livestreaming is governed by Google, by using the livestreaming users are agreeing to be bound by theYouTube Terms of Service. YouTube API Services are used for retrieving the livestream id. TheYouTube API Clientmay directly or indirectly access or collect information from a users device and may also place and access cookies or similar technologies on users devices or browsers. 88 access to data can be revoked at any time using Googlessecurity settings page. meet.jit.si Privacy Supplement Last updated:August 21, 2023 88, Inc. (88) respects your right to privacy. This Privacy Supplement describes what personal information 88 processes for themeet.jit.sivideo meeting service and why. For more general information about privacy at 88, please see the88 Privacy Notice. The meet.jit.si Privacy Notice replaces the What personal information does 88 collect and why? section of the 88 Privacy Notice. 88 is the main contributor to theJitsi.orgopen-source video meetings solution. Meet.jit.si is an application of the Jitsi.org open-source video meetings solution that 88 hosts, which allows users to hold free video meetings. What personal information does meet.jit.si process? To provide the meet.jit.si service, 88 may process and store third-party account credentials to authenticate meet.jit.si users. In addition, meet.jit.si processes and stores the user specified URL used to host the meeting and information about the phone numbers that connect to the meeting (if audio connection is made via a telephone call). In some cases, meeting related content, which may contain personal information, is temporarily stored to enable to enable user functionality in a meet.jit.si video meeting. Examples include: If you use the chat function, chat content is stored during the meeting. If you record a meeting, the recording of the meeting is temporarily stored until it is uploaded to your file hosting service (e.g. DropBox). If you livestream your meeting, video content is temporarily stored to buffer the livestream. In addition, users of meet.jit.si have the option of providing name, email address, and link to a picture that will be displayed to participants in the meeting. How is this information used? 88 is not in the business of selling personal information to third parties. 88 uses this information to deliver the meet.jit.si service, to identify and troubleshoot problems with the meet.jit.si service, and to improve the meet.jit.si service. In addition, 88 may use this information to investigate fraud or abuse on the meet.jit.si service. If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, please contact our data protection officer at:dpo@88.com. Use of YouTube livestreaming is governed by Google, by using the livestreaming users are agreeing to be bound by theYouTube Terms of Service. YouTube API Services are used for retrieving the livestream id. TheYouTube API Clientmay directly or indirectly access or collect information from a users device and may also place and access cookies or similar technologies on users devices or browsers. 88 access to data can be revoked at any time using Googlessecurity settings page.