Privacy statement1. An overview of data protectionGeneral informationThe following information will provide you with an easy to navigate overview of what will happen with your personal data when you visit our website. The term personal data comprises all data that can be used to personally identify you. For detailed information about the subject matter of data protection, please consult our Data Protection Declaration, which we have included beneath this copy.Data recording on our websiteWho is the responsible party for the recording of data on this website (i.e. the controller)?The data on this website is processed by the operator of the website, whose contact information is available under section Imprint on this website.How do we record your data?We collect your data as a result of your sharing of your data with us. This may, for instance be information you enter into our contact form.Our IT systems automatically record other data when you visit our website. This data comprises primarily technical information (e.g. web browser, operating system or time the site was accessed). This information is recorded automatically when you access our website.What are the purposes we use your data for?A portion of the information is generated to guarantee the error free provision of the website. Other data may be used to analyze your user patterns.What rights do you have as far as your information is concerned?You have the right to receive information about the source, recipients and purposes of your archived personal data at any time without having to pay a fee for such disclosures. You also have the right to demand that your data are rectified, blocked or eradicated. Please do not hesitate to contact us at any time under the address disclosed in section Imprint on this website if you have questions about this or any other data protection related issues. You also have the right to log a complaint with the competent supervising agency.Moreover, under certain circumstances, you have the right to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data. For details, please consult the Data Protection Declaration under section Right to Restriction of Data Processing.Analysis tools and tools provided by third partiesThere is a possibility that your browsing patterns will be statistically analyzed when your visit our website. Such analyses are performed primarily with cookies and with what we refer to as analysis programs. As a rule, the analyses of your browsing patterns are conducted anonymously; i.e. the browsing patterns cannot be traced back to you.You have the option to object to such analyses or you can prevent their performance by not using certain tools. For detailed information about the tools and about your options to object, please consult our Data Protection Declaration below.2. General information and mandatory informationData protectionThe operators of this website and its pages take the protection of your personal data very seriously. Hence, we handle your personal data as confidential information and in compliance with the statutory data protection regulations and this Data Protection Declaration.Whenever you use this website, a variety of personal information will be collected. Personal data comprises data that can be used to personally identify you. This Data Protection Declaration explains which data we collect as well as the purposes we use this data for. It also explains how, and for which purpose the information is collected.We herewith advise you that the transmission of data via the Internet (i.e. through email communications) may be prone to security gaps. It is not always possible to completely protect data against third party access.Information about the responsible party (referred to as the controller in the GDPR)The data processing controller on this website is:ownCloud GmbHRathsbergstr. 1790411 NürnbergGermanyPhone: +49 911 14888690Email: hello[at]owncloud[dot]comThe controller is the natural person or legal entity that single-handedly or jointly with others makes decisions as to the purposes of and resources for the processing of personal data (e.g. names, email addresses, etc.).Revocation of your consent to the processing of dataA wide range of data processing transactions are possible only subject to your express consent. You can also revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. To do so, all you are required to do is sent us an informal notification via email. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation.Right to object to the collection of data in special cases; right to object to direct advertising (Art. 21 GDPR)In the event that data are processed on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. e or f GDPR, you have the right to at any time object to the processing of your personal data based on grounds arising from your unique situation. This also applies to any profiling based on these provisions. To determine the legal basis, on which any processing of data is based, please consult this Data Protection Declaration. If you log an objection, we will no longer process your affected personal data, unless we are in a position to present compelling protection worthy grounds for the processing of your data, that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms or if the purpose of the processing is the claiming, exercising or defense of legal entitlements (objection pursuant to Art. 21 Sect. 1 GDPR).If your personal data is being processed in order to engage in direct advertising, you have the right to at any time object to the processing of your affected personal data for the purposes of such advertising. This also applies to profiling to the extent that it is affiliated with such direct advertising. If you object, your personal data will subsequently no longer be used for direct advertising purposes (objection pursuant to Art. 21 Sect. 2 GDPR).Right to log a complaint with the competent supervisory agencyIn the event of violations of the GDPR, data subjects are entitled to log a complaint with a supervisory agency, in particular in the member state where they usually maintain their domicile, place of work or at the place where the alleged violation occurred. The right to log a complaint is in effect regardless of any other administrative or court proceedings available as legal recourses.Right to data portabilityYou have the right to demand that we hand over any data we automatically process on the basis of your consent or in order to fulfil a contract be handed over to you or a third party in a commonly used, machine readable format. If you should demand the direct transfer of the data to another controller, this will be done only if it is technically feasible.SSL and/or TLS encryptionFor security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as purchase orders or inquiries you submit to us as the website operator, this website uses either an SSL or a TLS encryption program. You can recognize an encrypted connection by checking whether the address line of the browser switches from http:// to https:// and also by the appearance of the lock icon in the browser line.If the SSL or TLS encryption is activated, data you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties.Information about, blockage, rectification and eradication of dataWithin the scope of the applicable statutory provisions, you have the right to at any time demand information about your archived personal data, their source and recipients as well as the purpose of the processing of your data. You may also have a right to have your data rectified, blocked or eradicated. If you have questions about this subject matter or any other questions about personal data, please do not hesitate to contact us at any time at the address provided in section Imprint.Right to demand processing restrictionsYou have the right to demand the imposition of restrictions as far as the processing of your personal data is concerned. To do so, you may contact us at any time at the address provided in section Imprint. The right to demand restriction of processing applies in the following cases:In the event that you should dispute the correctness of your data archived by us, we will usually need some time to verify this claim. During the time that this investigation is ongoing, you have the right to demand that we restrict the processing of your personal data.If the processing of your personal data was/is conducted in an unlawful manner, you have the option to demand the restriction of the processing of your data in lieu of demanding the eradication of this data.If we do not need your personal data any longer and you need it to exercise, defend or claim legal entitlements, you have the right to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data instead of its eradication.If you have raised an objection pursuant to Art. 21 Sect. 1 GDPR, your rights and our rights will have to be weighed against each other. As long as it has not been determined whose interests prevail, you have the right to demand a restriction of the processing of your personal data.If you have restricted the processing of your personal data, these data  with the exception of their archiving  may be processed only subject to your consent or to claim, exercise or defend legal entitlements or to protect the rights of other natural persons or legal entities or for important public interest reasons cited by the European Union or a member state of the EU.Rejection of unsolicited emailsWe herewith object to the use of contact information published in conjunction with the mandatory information to be provided in section Imprint to send us promotional and information material that we have not expressly requested. The operators of this website and its pages reserve the express right to take legal action in the event of the unsolicited sending of promotional information, for instance via SPAM messages.3. Recording of data on our websiteCookiesIn some instances, our website and its pages use so-called cookies. Cookies do not cause any damage to your computer and do not contain viruses. The purpose of cookies is to make our website more user friendly, effective and more secure. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer and stored by your browser.Most of the cookies we use are so-called session cookies. They are automatically deleted after your leave our site. Other cookies will remain archived on your device until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognize your browser the next time you visit our website.You can adjust the settings of your browser to make sure that you are notified every time cookies are placed and to enable you to accept cookies only in specific cases or to exclude the acceptance of cookies for specific situations or in general and to activate the automatic deletion of cookies when you close your browser. If you deactivate cookies, the functions of this website may be limited.Cookies that are required for the performance of the electronic communications transaction or to provide certain functions you want to use (e.g. a shopping cart function), are stored on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in storing cookies to ensure the technically error free and optimized provision of the operators services. If other cookies (e.g. cookies for the analysis of your browsing patterns) should be stored, they are addressed separately in this Data Protection Declaration.Server log filesThe provider of this website and its pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser communicates to us automatically. The information comprises:The type and version of browser usedThe used operating systemReferrer URLThe hostname of the accessing computerThe time of the server inquiryThe IP addressThis data is not merged with other data sources.This data is recorded on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The operator of the website has a legitimate interest in the technically error free depiction and the optimization of the operators website. In order to achieve this, server log files must be recorded.Contact formIf you submit inquiries to us via our contact form, the information provided in the contact form as well as any contact information provided therein will be stored by us in order to handle your inquiry and in the event that we have further questions. We will not share this information without your consent.Hence, the processing of the data entered into the contact form occurs exclusively based on your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). You have the right to revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. To do so, all you are required to do is sent us an informal notification via email. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation.The information you have entered into the contact form shall remain with us until you ask us to eradicate the data, revoke your consent to the archiving of data or if the purpose for which the information is being archived no longer exists (e.g. after we have concluded our response to your inquiry). This shall be without prejudice to any mandatory legal provisions  in particular retention periods.Request by email, telephone or faxIf you contact us by email, telephone or fax, your request, including all resulting personal data (name, request) will be stored and processed by us for the purpose of processing your request. We do not pass these data on without your consent.The processing of these data is based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR, if your request is related to the execution of a contract or if it is necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures. In all other cases, the processing is based on your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 a GDPR) and/or on our legitimate interests (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR), since we have a legitimate interest in the effective processing of requests addressed to us.The data sent by you to us via contact requests remain with us until you request us to delete, revoke your consent to the storage or the purpose for the data storage lapses (e.g. after completion of your request). Mandatory statutory provisions  in particular statutory retention periods  remain unaffected.Registration on this websiteYou have the option to register on our website to be able to use additional website functions. We shall use the data you enter only for the purpose of using the respective offer or service you have registered for. The required information we request at the time of registration must be entered in full. Otherwise we shall reject the registration.To notify you of any important changes to the scope of our portfolio or in the event of technical modifications, we shall use the email address provided during the registration process.We shall process the data entered during the registration process on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). You have the right to revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. To do so, all you are required to do is sent us an informal notification via email. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation.The data recorded during the registration process shall be stored by us as long as you are registered on our website. Subsequently, such data shall be deleted. This shall be without prejudice to mandatory statutory retention obligations.4. Analysis tools and advertisingGoogle AnalyticsParts of this website use functions of the web analysis service Google Analytics. The provider of this service is Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.Google Analytics uses so-called cookies. Cookies are text files, which are stored on your computer and that enable an analysis of the use of the website by users. The information generated by cookies on your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the United States, where it is stored.The storage of Google Analytics cookies and the utilization of this analysis tool are based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The operator of this website has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user patterns to optimize both, the services offered online and the operators advertising activities.IP anonymizationOn this website, we have activated the IP anonymization function. As a result, your IP address will be abbreviated by Google within the member states of the European Union or in other states that have ratified the Convention on the European Economic Area prior to its transmission to the United States. The full IP address will be transmitted to one of Googles servers in the United States and abbreviated there only in exceptional cases. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google shall use this information to analyze your use of this website to generate reports on website activities and to render other services to the operator of this website that are related to the use of the website and the Internet. The IP address transmitted in conjunction with Google Analytics from your browser shall not be merged with other data in Googles possession.Browser plug-inYou do have the option to prevent the archiving of cookies by making pertinent changes to the settings of your browser software. However, we have to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all of the functions of this website to their fullest extent. Moreover, you have the option prevent the recording of the data generated by the cookie and affiliated with your use of the website (including your IP address) by Google as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link:https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.Objection to the recording of dataYou have the option to prevent the recording of your data by Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. This will result in the placement of an opt out cookie, which prevents the recording of your data during future visits to this website:Google Analytics deactivation.For more information about the handling of user data by Google Analytics, please consult Googles Data Privacy Declaration at:https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en.Contract data processingWe have executed a contract data processing agreement with Google and are implementing the stringent provisions of the German data protection agencies to the fullest when using Google Analytics.Demographic parameters provided by Google AnalyticsThis website uses the function demographic parameters provided by Google Analytics. It makes it possible to generate reports providing information on the age, gender and interests of website visitors. The sources of this information are interest-related advertising by Google as well as visitor data obtained from third party providers. This data cannot be allocated to a specific individual. You have the option to deactivate this function at any time by making pertinent settings changes for advertising in your Google account or you can generally prohibit the recording of your data by Google Analytics as explained in section Objection to the recording of data.Archiving periodData on the user or incident level stored by Google linked to cookies, user IDs or advertising IDs (e.g. DoubleClick cookies, Android advertising ID) will be anonymized or deleted after 14 months. For details please click the following link:https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/7667196?hl=enGoogle Analytics RemarketingParts of this website use the functions of Google Analytics Remarketing in combination with the functions of Google Ads and Google DoubleClick, which work on all devices. The provider of these solutions is Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.This function makes it possible to connect the advertising target groups generated with Google Analytics Remarketing with the functions of Google Ads and Google DoubleClick, which work on all devices. This makes it possible to display interest-based customized advertising messages, depending on your prior usage and browsing patterns on a device (e.g. cell phone) in a manner tailored to you as well as on any of your devices (e.g. tablet or PC).If you have given us pertinent consent, Google will connect your web and app browser progressions with your Google account for this purpose. As a result, it is possible to display the same personalized advertising messages on every device you log into with your Google account.To support this function, Google Analytics records Google authenticated IDs of users that are temporarily connected with our Google Analytics data to define and compile the target groups for the ads to be displayed on all devices.You have the option to permanently object to remarketing/targeting across all devices by deactivating personalized advertising. To do this, please follow this link:https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/.The consolidation of the recorded data in your Google account shall occur exclusively based on your consent, which you may give to Google and also revoke there (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). Data recording processes that are not consolidated in your Google account (for instance because you do not have a Google account or have objected to the consolidation of data), the recording of data is based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The legitimate interest arises from the fact that the operator of the website has a legitimate interest in the anonymized analysis of website visitor for advertising purposes.For further information and the pertinent data protection regulations, please consult the Data Privacy Policies of Google at:https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads?hl=en.Google Ads and Google Conversion TrackingParts of this website use Google Ads. Ads is an online promotional program of Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.In conjunction with Google Ads, we use a tool called Conversion Tracking. If you click on an ad posted by Google, a cookie for Conversion Tracking purposes will be placed. Cookies are small text files the web browser places on the users computer. These cookies expire after 30 days and are not used to personally identify users. If the user visits certain pages of this website and the cookie has not yet expired, Google and we will be able to recognize that the user has clicked on an ad and has been linked to this page.A different cookie is allocated to every Google Ads customer. These cookies cannot be tracked via websites of Ads customers. The information obtained with the assistance of the Conversion cookie is used to generate Conversion statistics for Ads customers who have opted to use Conversion Tracking. The users receive the total number of users that have clicked on their ads and have been linked to a page equipped with a Conversion Tracking tag. However, they do not receive any information that would allow them to personally identify these users. If you do not want to participate in tracking, you have the option to object to this use by easily deactivating the Google Conversion Tracking cookie via your web browser under user settings. If you do this, you will not be included in the Conversion Tracking statistics.The storage of Conversion cookies and the use of this tracking tool are based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user patterns, in order to optimize the operators web offerings and advertising.To review more detailed information about Google Ads and Google Conversion Tracking, please consult the Data Privacy Policies of Google at:https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.You can set up your browser in such a manner that you will be notified anytime cookies are placed and you can permit cookies only in certain cases or exclude the acceptance of cookies in certain instances or in general and you can also activate the automatic deletion of cookies upon closing of the browser. If you deactivate cookies, the functions of this website may be limited.Hubspot Inc.Parts of this website use the services of Hubspot Inc. (Hubspot) to: (a) collect statistical information about the use of the website and improve it accordingly, (b) provide downloads of white papers, e-books, and similar materials; and (c) operate email marketing. Hubspot is registered at Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141, USA.The legal basis for using Hubspots services is our legitimate interest in optimizing our marketing activities and the service quality of our website.Hubspot is in possession of a certification that is in compliance with the EU-US-Data Privacy Framework. The Data Privacy Framework is a self-certification program between the European Union (EU) and the United States of America (USA) that aims to warrant the compliance with European data protection standards in the United States.Processing of personal data as part of the registration processIf you register for a download or a webinar, you consent to the processing of your personal data and to the collection, processing and use of your personal data by ownCloud for the purposes described herein. If the registration form specifies forwarding to a partner company of ownCloud, you consent to the transfer of your data to the partner company specified therein. You also agree that the mandatory and voluntary information collected during registration, as well as the web analysis data of your visits to the ownCloud website, may be stored as a profile as well as evaluated and used for advertising purposes. This consent may be revoked at any time with effect for the future.CookiesHubspot uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Hubspot on servers operated by Hubspot. On behalf of the operator of this website, Hubspot will use this information for the purpose of evaluating the use of the website and compiling reports on website activity.For more details, please consult the Privacy Policy of Hubspot at: https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy. We have entered into a data processing agreement with Hubspot, in which we mandate that Hubspot undertake to protect the data of OwnClouds website visitors and to refrain from sharing it with third parties.5. Newsletter and email marketingNewsletter dataIf you would like to subscribe to the newsletter offered on this website, we will need from you an email address as well as information that allow us to verify that you are the owner of the email address provided and consent to the receipt of the newsletter. No further data shall be collected or shall be collected only on a voluntary basis. We shall use such data only for the sending of the requested information and shall not share such data with any third parties.The processing of the information entered into the newsletter subscription form shall occur exclusively on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). You may revoke the consent you have given to the archiving of data, the email address and the use of this information for the sending of the newsletter at any time, for instance by clicking on the Unsubscribe link in the newsletter. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data processing transactions that have taken place to date.The data you archive with us for the purpose of the newsletter subscription shall be archived by us until you unsubscribe from the newsletter. Once you cancel your subscription to the newsletter, the data shall be deleted. This shall not affect data we have been archiving for other purposes.Hubspot Inc.ownCloud uses the services of Hubspot to send out its newsletters as well as emails for marketing purposes and to inform its customers and partners about product updates, services, etc. The provider is Hubspot Inc registered at Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141, USA.Among other things, Hubspot is a service that can be deployed to organize and analyze the sending of newsletters and marketing emails. Whenever you enter data for the purpose of subscribing to a newsletter (e.g. your email address), the information is stored on Hubspot servers in the United States.Hubspot complies with the EU-US-Data Privacy Framework. The Data Privacy Framework is a self-certification program between the European Union (EU) and the United States of America (USA) that aims to warrant the compliance with European data protection standards in the United StatesWith the assistance of the Hubspot tool, we can analyze the performance of our newsletter and email campaigns. If you open an email that has been sent through the Hubspot tool, a file that has been integrated into the email (a so-called web-beacon) connects to Hubspots servers in the United States. As a result, it can be determined whether a newsletter message has been opened and which links the recipient possibly clicked on. Tracking email openings is not possible if you have disabled image display by default in your email program. Technical information is also recorded at that time (e.g. the time of access). The sole purpose of this information is the performance of statistical analyses of newsletter and email campaigns. The results of such analyses can be used to tailor future newsletters to the interests of their recipients more effectively.If you do not want to permit an analysis by Hubspot, you must unsubscribe from the newsletter or marketing emails. We provide a link for you to do this in every email message.The data is processed based on your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR), which you may revoke at any time by unsubscribing from the newsletter or marketing emails. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data processing transactions that have taken place prior to your revocation.The data you archive with us for the purpose of the email subscription shall be archived by us until you unsubscribe from the newsletter or marketing emails. Once you cancel your subscription to the newsletter or marketing emails, the data shall be deleted from our servers as well as those of Hubspot. This shall not affect data we have been archiving for other purposes.For more details, please consult the Privacy Policy of Hubspot at:https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy. We have entered into a data processing agreement with Hubspot, in which we mandate that Hubspot undertake to protect the data of OwnClouds website visitors and to refrain from sharing it with third parties.6. Plug-ins and ToolsYouTubeOur website uses plug-ins of the YouTube platform, which is operated by Google. The website operator is Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.If you visit a page on our website into which a YouTube plug-in has been integrated, a connection with YouTubes servers will be established. As a result, the YouTube server will be notified, which of our pages you have visited.Furthermore, YouTube will be able to place various cookies on your device. With the assistance of these cookies, YouTube will be able to obtain information about our website visitor. Among other things, this information will be used to generate video statistics with the aim of improving the user friendliness of the site and to prevent attempts to commit fraud. These cookies will stay on your device until you delete them.If you are logged into your YouTube account while you visit our site, you enable YouTube to directly allocate your browsing patterns to your personal profile. You have the option to prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.The use of YouTube is based on our interest in presenting our online content in an appealing manner. Pursuant to Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR, this is a legitimate interest.For more information on how YouTube handles user data, please consult the YouTube Data Privacy Policy under:https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.7. Custom ServicesJob ApplicationsWe offer website visitors the opportunity to submit job applications to us (e.g. via email, via postal services on by submitting the online job application form). Below, we will brief you on the scope, purpose and use of the personal data collected from you in conjunction with the application process. We assure you that the collection, processing and use of your data will occur in compliance with the applicable data privacy rights and all other statutory provisions and that your data will always be treated as strictly confidential.Scope and purpose of the collection of dataIf you submit a job application to us, we will process any affiliated personal data (e.g. contact and communications data, application documents, notes taken during job interviews, etc.), if they are required to make a decision concerning the establishment or an employment relationship. The legal grounds for the aforementioned are  26 Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG-neu) according to German Law (Negotiation of an Employment Relationship), Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR (General Contract Negotiations) and  provided you have given us your consent  Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR. You may revoke any consent given at any time. Within our company, your personal data will only be shared with individuals who are involved in the processing of your job application.If your job application should result in your recruitment, the data you have submitted will be archived on the grounds of  26 Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG-neu) and Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR for the purpose of implementing the employment relationship in our data processing system.Data Archiving PeriodIf we should not be able to offer you a position, if you refuse a job offer, retract your application, revoke your consent to the processing of your data or ask us to delete your data, we will store your transferred data, incl. any physically submitted application documents for a maximum of 6 months after the conclusion of the application process (retention period) to enable us to track the details of the application process in the event of disparities (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR).YOU HAVE THE OPTION TO OBJECT TO THIS STORAGE/RETENTION OF YOUR DATA IF YOU HAVE LEGITIMATE INTERESTS TO DO SO THAT OUTWEIGH OUR INTERESTS.Once the retention period has expired, the data will be deleted, unless we are subject to any other statutory retention obligations or if any other legal grounds exist to continue to store the data. If it should be foreseeable that the retention of your data will be necessary after the retention period has expired (e.g. due to imminent or pending litigation), the data shall not be deleted until the data have become irrelevant. This shall be without prejudice to any other statutory retention periods.8. Our social media appearancesData processing through social networksWe maintain publicly available profiles in social networks. The individual social networks we use can be found below.Social networks such as Facebook, LinkedIn etc. can generally analyze your user behavior comprehensively if you visit their website or a website with integrated social media content (e.g. like buttons or banner ads). When you visit our social media pages, numerous data protection-relevant processing operations are triggered. In detail:If you are logged in to your social media account and visit our social media page, the operator of the social media portal can assign this visit to your user account. Under certain circumstances, your personal data may also be recorded if you are not logged in or do not have an account with the respective social media portal. In this case, this data is collected, for example, via cookies stored on your device or by recording your IP address.Using the data collected in this way, the operators of the social media portals can create user profiles in which their preferences and interests are stored. This way you can see interest-based advertising inside and outside of your social media presence. If you have an account with the social network, interest-based advertising can be displayed on any device you are logged in to or have logged in to.Please also note that we cannot retrace all processing operations on the social media portals. Depending on the provider, additional processing operations may therefore be carried out by the operators of the social media portals. Details can be found in the terms of use and privacy policy of the respective social media portals.Legal basisOur social media appearances should ensure the widest possible presence on the Internet. This is a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The analysis processes initiated by the social networks may be based on divergent legal bases to be specified by the operators of the social networks (e.g. consent within the meaning of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR).Responsibility and assertion of rightsIf you visit one of our social media sites (e.g., Facebook), we, together with the operator of the social media platform, are responsible for the data processing operations triggered during this visit. You can in principle protect your rights (information, correction, deletion, limitation of processing, data portability and complaint) vis-à-vis us as well as vis-à-vis the operator of the respective social media portal (e.g. Facebook).Please note that despite the shared responsibility with the social media portal operators, we do not have full influence on the data processing operations of the social media portals. Our options are determined by the company policy of the respective provider.Storage timeThe data collected directly from us via the social media presence will be deleted from our systems as soon as the purpose for their storage lapses, you ask us to delete it, you revoke your consent to the storage or the purpose for the data storage lapses. Stored cookies remain on your device until you delete them. Mandatory statutory provisions  in particular, retention periods  remain unaffected.We have no control over the storage duration of your data that are stored by the social network operators for their own purposes. For details, please contact the social network operators directly (e.g. in their privacy policy, see below).Individual social networksFacebookWe have a profile on Facebook. The provider is Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA. Facebook is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield.We have signed a joint processing agreement (Controller Addendum) with Facebook. This agreement specifies which data processing operations we or Facebook are responsible for when you visit our Facebook page. You can view this agreement at the following link:https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendumYou can customize your advertising settings independently in your user account. Click on the following link and log in:https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=adsDetails can be found in the Facebook privacy policy:https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/TwitterWe use the short message service Twitter. The provider is Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States. Twitter is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield.You can customize your Twitter privacy settings in your user account. Click on the following link and log in:https://twitter.com/personalizationFor details, see the Twitter Privacy Policy:https://twitter.com/privacyXINGWe have a profile on XING. The provider is XING AG, Dammtorstraße 29-32, 20354 Hamburg, Germany. Details on their handling of your personal data can be found in the XING Privacy Policy:https://privacy.xing.com/de/datenschutzerklaerung.LinkedInWe have a LinkedIn profile. The provider is the LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Plaza, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland. LinkedIn is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield. LinkedIn uses advertising cookies.If you want to disable LinkedIn advertising cookies, please use the following link:https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out.For details on how they handle your personal information, please refer to LinkedIns privacy policy:https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy.9. Android App Privacy PolicyAboutownCloud GmbH provides the ownCloud Android app.This page is used to inform users regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.The app does not collect your personal information. All actions happen between the app and the respective ownCloud server or servers a user chooses to connect to. No sensitive data is handled inside this app.Data Collection and UseThe app does not use third party services that collect data used to identify users beyond those that the marketplace providers mandate, e.g. the Google Play Services for Android Apps purchased through the Google Play Store. Learn more about Privacy and the Google Play Services athttps://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.Log DataWe want to inform you that whenever you use our app, in case of an error we*dont*collect data and information by default. Rather, users can choose to switch on logging in the app settings and then can manually send those logs manually to us, if they so choose. Logs encompass technical information that is important to understand and fix the error or problem. No sensitive and personal information is enclosed in the logs. The user name and server name as well as the display name may appear. Any other authentication information is redacted. Logs are*never*shared with 3rd-party-apps.SecurityWe value your trust in using ownCloud Apps to handle your personal data, thus we are striving to protect it using state-of-the-art security measures. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.Changes to This Privacy PolicyWe may update our Privacy Policy occasionally. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.This policy is effective as of 2021-10-01.Contact UsIf you have any questions about our Android App Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at. Privacy statement1. An overview of data protectionGeneral informationThe following information will provide you with an easy to navigate overview of what will happen with your personal data when you visit our website. The term personal data comprises all data that can be used to personally identify you. For detailed information about the subject matter of data protection, please consult our Data Protection Declaration, which we have included beneath this copy.Data recording on our websiteWho is the responsible party for the recording of data on this website (i.e. the controller)?The data on this website is processed by the operator of the website, whose contact information is available under section Imprint on this website.How do we record your data?We collect your data as a result of your sharing of your data with us. This may, for instance be information you enter into our contact form.Our IT systems automatically record other data when you visit our website. This data comprises primarily technical information (e.g. web browser, operating system or time the site was accessed). This information is recorded automatically when you access our website.What are the purposes we use your data for?A portion of the information is generated to guarantee the error free provision of the website. Other data may be used to analyze your user patterns.What rights do you have as far as your information is concerned?You have the right to receive information about the source, recipients and purposes of your archived personal data at any time without having to pay a fee for such disclosures. You also have the right to demand that your data are rectified, blocked or eradicated. Please do not hesitate to contact us at any time under the address disclosed in section Imprint on this website if you have questions about this or any other data protection related issues. You also have the right to log a complaint with the competent supervising agency.Moreover, under certain circumstances, you have the right to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data. For details, please consult the Data Protection Declaration under section Right to Restriction of Data Processing.Analysis tools and tools provided by third partiesThere is a possibility that your browsing patterns will be statistically analyzed when your visit our website. Such analyses are performed primarily with cookies and with what we refer to as analysis programs. As a rule, the analyses of your browsing patterns are conducted anonymously; i.e. the browsing patterns cannot be traced back to you.You have the option to object to such analyses or you can prevent their performance by not using certain tools. For detailed information about the tools and about your options to object, please consult our Data Protection Declaration below.2. General information and mandatory informationData protectionThe operators of this website and its pages take the protection of your personal data very seriously. Hence, we handle your personal data as confidential information and in compliance with the statutory data protection regulations and this Data Protection Declaration.Whenever you use this website, a variety of personal information will be collected. Personal data comprises data that can be used to personally identify you. This Data Protection Declaration explains which data we collect as well as the purposes we use this data for. It also explains how, and for which purpose the information is collected.We herewith advise you that the transmission of data via the Internet (i.e. through email communications) may be prone to security gaps. It is not always possible to completely protect data against third party access.Information about the responsible party (referred to as the controller in the GDPR)The data processing controller on this website is:ownCloud GmbHRathsbergstr. 1790411 NürnbergGermanyPhone: +49 911 14888690Email: hello[at]owncloud[dot]comThe controller is the natural person or legal entity that single-handedly or jointly with others makes decisions as to the purposes of and resources for the processing of personal data (e.g. names, email addresses, etc.).Revocation of your consent to the processing of dataA wide range of data processing transactions are possible only subject to your express consent. You can also revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. To do so, all you are required to do is sent us an informal notification via email. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation.Right to object to the collection of data in special cases; right to object to direct advertising (Art. 21 GDPR)In the event that data are processed on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. e or f GDPR, you have the right to at any time object to the processing of your personal data based on grounds arising from your unique situation. This also applies to any profiling based on these provisions. To determine the legal basis, on which any processing of data is based, please consult this Data Protection Declaration. If you log an objection, we will no longer process your affected personal data, unless we are in a position to present compelling protection worthy grounds for the processing of your data, that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms or if the purpose of the processing is the claiming, exercising or defense of legal entitlements (objection pursuant to Art. 21 Sect. 1 GDPR).If your personal data is being processed in order to engage in direct advertising, you have the right to at any time object to the processing of your affected personal data for the purposes of such advertising. This also applies to profiling to the extent that it is affiliated with such direct advertising. If you object, your personal data will subsequently no longer be used for direct advertising purposes (objection pursuant to Art. 21 Sect. 2 GDPR).Right to log a complaint with the competent supervisory agencyIn the event of violations of the GDPR, data subjects are entitled to log a complaint with a supervisory agency, in particular in the member state where they usually maintain their domicile, place of work or at the place where the alleged violation occurred. The right to log a complaint is in effect regardless of any other administrative or court proceedings available as legal recourses.Right to data portabilityYou have the right to demand that we hand over any data we automatically process on the basis of your consent or in order to fulfil a contract be handed over to you or a third party in a commonly used, machine readable format. If you should demand the direct transfer of the data to another controller, this will be done only if it is technically feasible.SSL and/or TLS encryptionFor security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as purchase orders or inquiries you submit to us as the website operator, this website uses either an SSL or a TLS encryption program. You can recognize an encrypted connection by checking whether the address line of the browser switches from http:// to https:// and also by the appearance of the lock icon in the browser line.If the SSL or TLS encryption is activated, data you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties.Information about, blockage, rectification and eradication of dataWithin the scope of the applicable statutory provisions, you have the right to at any time demand information about your archived personal data, their source and recipients as well as the purpose of the processing of your data. You may also have a right to have your data rectified, blocked or eradicated. If you have questions about this subject matter or any other questions about personal data, please do not hesitate to contact us at any time at the address provided in section Imprint.Right to demand processing restrictionsYou have the right to demand the imposition of restrictions as far as the processing of your personal data is concerned. To do so, you may contact us at any time at the address provided in section Imprint. The right to demand restriction of processing applies in the following cases:In the event that you should dispute the correctness of your data archived by us, we will usually need some time to verify this claim. During the time that this investigation is ongoing, you have the right to demand that we restrict the processing of your personal data.If the processing of your personal data was/is conducted in an unlawful manner, you have the option to demand the restriction of the processing of your data in lieu of demanding the eradication of this data.If we do not need your personal data any longer and you need it to exercise, defend or claim legal entitlements, you have the right to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data instead of its eradication.If you have raised an objection pursuant to Art. 21 Sect. 1 GDPR, your rights and our rights will have to be weighed against each other. As long as it has not been determined whose interests prevail, you have the right to demand a restriction of the processing of your personal data.If you have restricted the processing of your personal data, these data  with the exception of their archiving  may be processed only subject to your consent or to claim, exercise or defend legal entitlements or to protect the rights of other natural persons or legal entities or for important public interest reasons cited by the European Union or a member state of the EU.Rejection of unsolicited emailsWe herewith object to the use of contact information published in conjunction with the mandatory information to be provided in section Imprint to send us promotional and information material that we have not expressly requested. The operators of this website and its pages reserve the express right to take legal action in the event of the unsolicited sending of promotional information, for instance via SPAM messages.3. Recording of data on our websiteCookiesIn some instances, our website and its pages use so-called cookies. Cookies do not cause any damage to your computer and do not contain viruses. The purpose of cookies is to make our website more user friendly, effective and more secure. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer and stored by your browser.Most of the cookies we use are so-called session cookies. They are automatically deleted after your leave our site. Other cookies will remain archived on your device until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognize your browser the next time you visit our website.You can adjust the settings of your browser to make sure that you are notified every time cookies are placed and to enable you to accept cookies only in specific cases or to exclude the acceptance of cookies for specific situations or in general and to activate the automatic deletion of cookies when you close your browser. If you deactivate cookies, the functions of this website may be limited.Cookies that are required for the performance of the electronic communications transaction or to provide certain functions you want to use (e.g. a shopping cart function), are stored on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in storing cookies to ensure the technically error free and optimized provision of the operators services. If other cookies (e.g. cookies for the analysis of your browsing patterns) should be stored, they are addressed separately in this Data Protection Declaration.Server log filesThe provider of this website and its pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser communicates to us automatically. The information comprises:The type and version of browser usedThe used operating systemReferrer URLThe hostname of the accessing computerThe time of the server inquiryThe IP addressThis data is not merged with other data sources.This data is recorded on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The operator of the website has a legitimate interest in the technically error free depiction and the optimization of the operators website. In order to achieve this, server log files must be recorded.Contact formIf you submit inquiries to us via our contact form, the information provided in the contact form as well as any contact information provided therein will be stored by us in order to handle your inquiry and in the event that we have further questions. We will not share this information without your consent.Hence, the processing of the data entered into the contact form occurs exclusively based on your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). You have the right to revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. To do so, all you are required to do is sent us an informal notification via email. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation.The information you have entered into the contact form shall remain with us until you ask us to eradicate the data, revoke your consent to the archiving of data or if the purpose for which the information is being archived no longer exists (e.g. after we have concluded our response to your inquiry). This shall be without prejudice to any mandatory legal provisions  in particular retention periods.Request by email, telephone or faxIf you contact us by email, telephone or fax, your request, including all resulting personal data (name, request) will be stored and processed by us for the purpose of processing your request. We do not pass these data on without your consent.The processing of these data is based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR, if your request is related to the execution of a contract or if it is necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures. In all other cases, the processing is based on your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 a GDPR) and/or on our legitimate interests (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR), since we have a legitimate interest in the effective processing of requests addressed to us.The data sent by you to us via contact requests remain with us until you request us to delete, revoke your consent to the storage or the purpose for the data storage lapses (e.g. after completion of your request). Mandatory statutory provisions  in particular statutory retention periods  remain unaffected.Registration on this websiteYou have the option to register on our website to be able to use additional website functions. We shall use the data you enter only for the purpose of using the respective offer or service you have registered for. The required information we request at the time of registration must be entered in full. Otherwise we shall reject the registration.To notify you of any important changes to the scope of our portfolio or in the event of technical modifications, we shall use the email address provided during the registration process.We shall process the data entered during the registration process on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). You have the right to revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. To do so, all you are required to do is sent us an informal notification via email. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation.The data recorded during the registration process shall be stored by us as long as you are registered on our website. Subsequently, such data shall be deleted. This shall be without prejudice to mandatory statutory retention obligations.4. Analysis tools and advertisingGoogle AnalyticsParts of this website use functions of the web analysis service Google Analytics. The provider of this service is Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.Google Analytics uses so-called cookies. Cookies are text files, which are stored on your computer and that enable an analysis of the use of the website by users. The information generated by cookies on your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the United States, where it is stored.The storage of Google Analytics cookies and the utilization of this analysis tool are based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The operator of this website has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user patterns to optimize both, the services offered online and the operators advertising activities.IP anonymizationOn this website, we have activated the IP anonymization function. As a result, your IP address will be abbreviated by Google within the member states of the European Union or in other states that have ratified the Convention on the European Economic Area prior to its transmission to the United States. The full IP address will be transmitted to one of Googles servers in the United States and abbreviated there only in exceptional cases. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google shall use this information to analyze your use of this website to generate reports on website activities and to render other services to the operator of this website that are related to the use of the website and the Internet. The IP address transmitted in conjunction with Google Analytics from your browser shall not be merged with other data in Googles possession.Browser plug-inYou do have the option to prevent the archiving of cookies by making pertinent changes to the settings of your browser software. However, we have to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all of the functions of this website to their fullest extent. Moreover, you have the option prevent the recording of the data generated by the cookie and affiliated with your use of the website (including your IP address) by Google as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link:https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.Objection to the recording of dataYou have the option to prevent the recording of your data by Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. This will result in the placement of an opt out cookie, which prevents the recording of your data during future visits to this website:Google Analytics deactivation.For more information about the handling of user data by Google Analytics, please consult Googles Data Privacy Declaration at:https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en.Contract data processingWe have executed a contract data processing agreement with Google and are implementing the stringent provisions of the German data protection agencies to the fullest when using Google Analytics.Demographic parameters provided by Google AnalyticsThis website uses the function demographic parameters provided by Google Analytics. It makes it possible to generate reports providing information on the age, gender and interests of website visitors. The sources of this information are interest-related advertising by Google as well as visitor data obtained from third party providers. This data cannot be allocated to a specific individual. You have the option to deactivate this function at any time by making pertinent settings changes for advertising in your Google account or you can generally prohibit the recording of your data by Google Analytics as explained in section Objection to the recording of data.Archiving periodData on the user or incident level stored by Google linked to cookies, user IDs or advertising IDs (e.g. DoubleClick cookies, Android advertising ID) will be anonymized or deleted after 14 months. For details please click the following link:https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/7667196?hl=enGoogle Analytics RemarketingParts of this website use the functions of Google Analytics Remarketing in combination with the functions of Google Ads and Google DoubleClick, which work on all devices. The provider of these solutions is Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.This function makes it possible to connect the advertising target groups generated with Google Analytics Remarketing with the functions of Google Ads and Google DoubleClick, which work on all devices. This makes it possible to display interest-based customized advertising messages, depending on your prior usage and browsing patterns on a device (e.g. cell phone) in a manner tailored to you as well as on any of your devices (e.g. tablet or PC).If you have given us pertinent consent, Google will connect your web and app browser progressions with your Google account for this purpose. As a result, it is possible to display the same personalized advertising messages on every device you log into with your Google account.To support this function, Google Analytics records Google authenticated IDs of users that are temporarily connected with our Google Analytics data to define and compile the target groups for the ads to be displayed on all devices.You have the option to permanently object to remarketing/targeting across all devices by deactivating personalized advertising. To do this, please follow this link:https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/.The consolidation of the recorded data in your Google account shall occur exclusively based on your consent, which you may give to Google and also revoke there (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). Data recording processes that are not consolidated in your Google account (for instance because you do not have a Google account or have objected to the consolidation of data), the recording of data is based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The legitimate interest arises from the fact that the operator of the website has a legitimate interest in the anonymized analysis of website visitor for advertising purposes.For further information and the pertinent data protection regulations, please consult the Data Privacy Policies of Google at:https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads?hl=en.Google Ads and Google Conversion TrackingParts of this website use Google Ads. Ads is an online promotional program of Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.In conjunction with Google Ads, we use a tool called Conversion Tracking. If you click on an ad posted by Google, a cookie for Conversion Tracking purposes will be placed. Cookies are small text files the web browser places on the users computer. These cookies expire after 30 days and are not used to personally identify users. If the user visits certain pages of this website and the cookie has not yet expired, Google and we will be able to recognize that the user has clicked on an ad and has been linked to this page.A different cookie is allocated to every Google Ads customer. These cookies cannot be tracked via websites of Ads customers. The information obtained with the assistance of the Conversion cookie is used to generate Conversion statistics for Ads customers who have opted to use Conversion Tracking. The users receive the total number of users that have clicked on their ads and have been linked to a page equipped with a Conversion Tracking tag. However, they do not receive any information that would allow them to personally identify these users. If you do not want to participate in tracking, you have the option to object to this use by easily deactivating the Google Conversion Tracking cookie via your web browser under user settings. If you do this, you will not be included in the Conversion Tracking statistics.The storage of Conversion cookies and the use of this tracking tool are based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user patterns, in order to optimize the operators web offerings and advertising.To review more detailed information about Google Ads and Google Conversion Tracking, please consult the Data Privacy Policies of Google at:https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.You can set up your browser in such a manner that you will be notified anytime cookies are placed and you can permit cookies only in certain cases or exclude the acceptance of cookies in certain instances or in general and you can also activate the automatic deletion of cookies upon closing of the browser. If you deactivate cookies, the functions of this website may be limited.Hubspot Inc.Parts of this website use the services of Hubspot Inc. (Hubspot) to: (a) collect statistical information about the use of the website and improve it accordingly, (b) provide downloads of white papers, e-books, and similar materials; and (c) operate email marketing. Hubspot is registered at Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141, USA.The legal basis for using Hubspots services is our legitimate interest in optimizing our marketing activities and the service quality of our website.Hubspot is in possession of a certification that is in compliance with the EU-US-Data Privacy Framework. The Data Privacy Framework is a self-certification program between the European Union (EU) and the United States of America (USA) that aims to warrant the compliance with European data protection standards in the United States.Processing of personal data as part of the registration processIf you register for a download or a webinar, you consent to the processing of your personal data and to the collection, processing and use of your personal data by ownCloud for the purposes described herein. If the registration form specifies forwarding to a partner company of ownCloud, you consent to the transfer of your data to the partner company specified therein. You also agree that the mandatory and voluntary information collected during registration, as well as the web analysis data of your visits to the ownCloud website, may be stored as a profile as well as evaluated and used for advertising purposes. This consent may be revoked at any time with effect for the future.CookiesHubspot uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Hubspot on servers operated by Hubspot. On behalf of the operator of this website, Hubspot will use this information for the purpose of evaluating the use of the website and compiling reports on website activity.For more details, please consult the Privacy Policy of Hubspot at: https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy. We have entered into a data processing agreement with Hubspot, in which we mandate that Hubspot undertake to protect the data of OwnClouds website visitors and to refrain from sharing it with third parties.5. Newsletter and email marketingNewsletter dataIf you would like to subscribe to the newsletter offered on this website, we will need from you an email address as well as information that allow us to verify that you are the owner of the email address provided and consent to the receipt of the newsletter. No further data shall be collected or shall be collected only on a voluntary basis. We shall use such data only for the sending of the requested information and shall not share such data with any third parties.The processing of the information entered into the newsletter subscription form shall occur exclusively on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). You may revoke the consent you have given to the archiving of data, the email address and the use of this information for the sending of the newsletter at any time, for instance by clicking on the Unsubscribe link in the newsletter. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data processing transactions that have taken place to date.The data you archive with us for the purpose of the newsletter subscription shall be archived by us until you unsubscribe from the newsletter. Once you cancel your subscription to the newsletter, the data shall be deleted. This shall not affect data we have been archiving for other purposes.Hubspot Inc.ownCloud uses the services of Hubspot to send out its newsletters as well as emails for marketing purposes and to inform its customers and partners about product updates, services, etc. The provider is Hubspot Inc registered at Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141, USA.Among other things, Hubspot is a service that can be deployed to organize and analyze the sending of newsletters and marketing emails. Whenever you enter data for the purpose of subscribing to a newsletter (e.g. your email address), the information is stored on Hubspot servers in the United States.Hubspot complies with the EU-US-Data Privacy Framework. The Data Privacy Framework is a self-certification program between the European Union (EU) and the United States of America (USA) that aims to warrant the compliance with European data protection standards in the United StatesWith the assistance of the Hubspot tool, we can analyze the performance of our newsletter and email campaigns. If you open an email that has been sent through the Hubspot tool, a file that has been integrated into the email (a so-called web-beacon) connects to Hubspots servers in the United States. As a result, it can be determined whether a newsletter message has been opened and which links the recipient possibly clicked on. Tracking email openings is not possible if you have disabled image display by default in your email program. Technical information is also recorded at that time (e.g. the time of access). The sole purpose of this information is the performance of statistical analyses of newsletter and email campaigns. The results of such analyses can be used to tailor future newsletters to the interests of their recipients more effectively.If you do not want to permit an analysis by Hubspot, you must unsubscribe from the newsletter or marketing emails. We provide a link for you to do this in every email message.The data is processed based on your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR), which you may revoke at any time by unsubscribing from the newsletter or marketing emails. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data processing transactions that have taken place prior to your revocation.The data you archive with us for the purpose of the email subscription shall be archived by us until you unsubscribe from the newsletter or marketing emails. Once you cancel your subscription to the newsletter or marketing emails, the data shall be deleted from our servers as well as those of Hubspot. This shall not affect data we have been archiving for other purposes.For more details, please consult the Privacy Policy of Hubspot at:https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy. We have entered into a data processing agreement with Hubspot, in which we mandate that Hubspot undertake to protect the data of OwnClouds website visitors and to refrain from sharing it with third parties.6. Plug-ins and ToolsYouTubeOur website uses plug-ins of the YouTube platform, which is operated by Google. The website operator is Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.If you visit a page on our website into which a YouTube plug-in has been integrated, a connection with YouTubes servers will be established. As a result, the YouTube server will be notified, which of our pages you have visited.Furthermore, YouTube will be able to place various cookies on your device. With the assistance of these cookies, YouTube will be able to obtain information about our website visitor. Among other things, this information will be used to generate video statistics with the aim of improving the user friendliness of the site and to prevent attempts to commit fraud. These cookies will stay on your device until you delete them.If you are logged into your YouTube account while you visit our site, you enable YouTube to directly allocate your browsing patterns to your personal profile. You have the option to prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.The use of YouTube is based on our interest in presenting our online content in an appealing manner. Pursuant to Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR, this is a legitimate interest.For more information on how YouTube handles user data, please consult the YouTube Data Privacy Policy under:https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.7. Custom ServicesJob ApplicationsWe offer website visitors the opportunity to submit job applications to us (e.g. via email, via postal services on by submitting the online job application form). Below, we will brief you on the scope, purpose and use of the personal data collected from you in conjunction with the application process. We assure you that the collection, processing and use of your data will occur in compliance with the applicable data privacy rights and all other statutory provisions and that your data will always be treated as strictly confidential.Scope and purpose of the collection of dataIf you submit a job application to us, we will process any affiliated personal data (e.g. contact and communications data, application documents, notes taken during job interviews, etc.), if they are required to make a decision concerning the establishment or an employment relationship. The legal grounds for the aforementioned are  26 Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG-neu) according to German Law (Negotiation of an Employment Relationship), Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR (General Contract Negotiations) and  provided you have given us your consent  Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR. You may revoke any consent given at any time. Within our company, your personal data will only be shared with individuals who are involved in the processing of your job application.If your job application should result in your recruitment, the data you have submitted will be archived on the grounds of  26 Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG-neu) and Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR for the purpose of implementing the employment relationship in our data processing system.Data Archiving PeriodIf we should not be able to offer you a position, if you refuse a job offer, retract your application, revoke your consent to the processing of your data or ask us to delete your data, we will store your transferred data, incl. any physically submitted application documents for a maximum of 6 months after the conclusion of the application process (retention period) to enable us to track the details of the application process in the event of disparities (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR).YOU HAVE THE OPTION TO OBJECT TO THIS STORAGE/RETENTION OF YOUR DATA IF YOU HAVE LEGITIMATE INTERESTS TO DO SO THAT OUTWEIGH OUR INTERESTS.Once the retention period has expired, the data will be deleted, unless we are subject to any other statutory retention obligations or if any other legal grounds exist to continue to store the data. If it should be foreseeable that the retention of your data will be necessary after the retention period has expired (e.g. due to imminent or pending litigation), the data shall not be deleted until the data have become irrelevant. This shall be without prejudice to any other statutory retention periods.8. Our social media appearancesData processing through social networksWe maintain publicly available profiles in social networks. The individual social networks we use can be found below.Social networks such as Facebook, LinkedIn etc. can generally analyze your user behavior comprehensively if you visit their website or a website with integrated social media content (e.g. like buttons or banner ads). When you visit our social media pages, numerous data protection-relevant processing operations are triggered. In detail:If you are logged in to your social media account and visit our social media page, the operator of the social media portal can assign this visit to your user account. Under certain circumstances, your personal data may also be recorded if you are not logged in or do not have an account with the respective social media portal. In this case, this data is collected, for example, via cookies stored on your device or by recording your IP address.Using the data collected in this way, the operators of the social media portals can create user profiles in which their preferences and interests are stored. This way you can see interest-based advertising inside and outside of your social media presence. If you have an account with the social network, interest-based advertising can be displayed on any device you are logged in to or have logged in to.Please also note that we cannot retrace all processing operations on the social media portals. Depending on the provider, additional processing operations may therefore be carried out by the operators of the social media portals. Details can be found in the terms of use and privacy policy of the respective social media portals.Legal basisOur social media appearances should ensure the widest possible presence on the Internet. This is a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The analysis processes initiated by the social networks may be based on divergent legal bases to be specified by the operators of the social networks (e.g. consent within the meaning of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR).Responsibility and assertion of rightsIf you visit one of our social media sites (e.g., Facebook), we, together with the operator of the social media platform, are responsible for the data processing operations triggered during this visit. You can in principle protect your rights (information, correction, deletion, limitation of processing, data portability and complaint) vis-à-vis us as well as vis-à-vis the operator of the respective social media portal (e.g. Facebook).Please note that despite the shared responsibility with the social media portal operators, we do not have full influence on the data processing operations of the social media portals. Our options are determined by the company policy of the respective provider.Storage timeThe data collected directly from us via the social media presence will be deleted from our systems as soon as the purpose for their storage lapses, you ask us to delete it, you revoke your consent to the storage or the purpose for the data storage lapses. Stored cookies remain on your device until you delete them. Mandatory statutory provisions  in particular, retention periods  remain unaffected.We have no control over the storage duration of your data that are stored by the social network operators for their own purposes. For details, please contact the social network operators directly (e.g. in their privacy policy, see below).Individual social networksFacebookWe have a profile on Facebook. The provider is Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA. Facebook is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield.We have signed a joint processing agreement (Controller Addendum) with Facebook. This agreement specifies which data processing operations we or Facebook are responsible for when you visit our Facebook page. You can view this agreement at the following link:https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendumYou can customize your advertising settings independently in your user account. Click on the following link and log in:https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=adsDetails can be found in the Facebook privacy policy:https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/TwitterWe use the short message service Twitter. The provider is Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States. Twitter is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield.You can customize your Twitter privacy settings in your user account. Click on the following link and log in:https://twitter.com/personalizationFor details, see the Twitter Privacy Policy:https://twitter.com/privacyXINGWe have a profile on XING. The provider is XING AG, Dammtorstraße 29-32, 20354 Hamburg, Germany. Details on their handling of your personal data can be found in the XING Privacy Policy:https://privacy.xing.com/de/datenschutzerklaerung.LinkedInWe have a LinkedIn profile. The provider is the LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Plaza, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland. LinkedIn is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield. LinkedIn uses advertising cookies.If you want to disable LinkedIn advertising cookies, please use the following link:https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out.For details on how they handle your personal information, please refer to LinkedIns privacy policy:https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy.9. Android App Privacy PolicyAboutownCloud GmbH provides the ownCloud Android app.This page is used to inform users regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.The app does not collect your personal information. All actions happen between the app and the respective ownCloud server or servers a user chooses to connect to. No sensitive data is handled inside this app.Data Collection and UseThe app does not use third party services that collect data used to identify users beyond those that the marketplace providers mandate, e.g. the Google Play Services for Android Apps purchased through the Google Play Store. Learn more about Privacy and the Google Play Services athttps://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.Log DataWe want to inform you that whenever you use our app, in case of an error we*dont*collect data and information by default. Rather, users can choose to switch on logging in the app settings and then can manually send those logs manually to us, if they so choose. Logs encompass technical information that is important to understand and fix the error or problem. No sensitive and personal information is enclosed in the logs. The user name and server name as well as the display name may appear. Any other authentication information is redacted. Logs are*never*shared with 3rd-party-apps.SecurityWe value your trust in using ownCloud Apps to handle your personal data, thus we are striving to protect it using state-of-the-art security measures. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.Changes to This Privacy PolicyWe may update our Privacy Policy occasionally. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.This policy is effective as of 2021-10-01.Contact UsIf you have any questions about our Android App Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at. Privacy statement1. An overview of data protectionGeneral informationThe following information will provide you with an easy to navigate overview of what will happen with your personal data when you visit our website. The term personal data comprises all data that can be used to personally identify you. For detailed information about the subject matter of data protection, please consult our Data Protection Declaration, which we have included beneath this copy.Data recording on our websiteWho is the responsible party for the recording of data on this website (i.e. the controller)?The data on this website is processed by the operator of the website, whose contact information is available under section Imprint on this website.How do we record your data?We collect your data as a result of your sharing of your data with us. This may, for instance be information you enter into our contact form.Our IT systems automatically record other data when you visit our website. This data comprises primarily technical information (e.g. web browser, operating system or time the site was accessed). This information is recorded automatically when you access our website.What are the purposes we use your data for?A portion of the information is generated to guarantee the error free provision of the website. Other data may be used to analyze your user patterns.What rights do you have as far as your information is concerned?You have the right to receive information about the source, recipients and purposes of your archived personal data at any time without having to pay a fee for such disclosures. You also have the right to demand that your data are rectified, blocked or eradicated. Please do not hesitate to contact us at any time under the address disclosed in section Imprint on this website if you have questions about this or any other data protection related issues. You also have the right to log a complaint with the competent supervising agency.Moreover, under certain circumstances, you have the right to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data. For details, please consult the Data Protection Declaration under section Right to Restriction of Data Processing.Analysis tools and tools provided by third partiesThere is a possibility that your browsing patterns will be statistically analyzed when your visit our website. Such analyses are performed primarily with cookies and with what we refer to as analysis programs. As a rule, the analyses of your browsing patterns are conducted anonymously; i.e. the browsing patterns cannot be traced back to you.You have the option to object to such analyses or you can prevent their performance by not using certain tools. For detailed information about the tools and about your options to object, please consult our Data Protection Declaration below.2. General information and mandatory informationData protectionThe operators of this website and its pages take the protection of your personal data very seriously. Hence, we handle your personal data as confidential information and in compliance with the statutory data protection regulations and this Data Protection Declaration.Whenever you use this website, a variety of personal information will be collected. Personal data comprises data that can be used to personally identify you. This Data Protection Declaration explains which data we collect as well as the purposes we use this data for. It also explains how, and for which purpose the information is collected.We herewith advise you that the transmission of data via the Internet (i.e. through email communications) may be prone to security gaps. It is not always possible to completely protect data against third party access.Information about the responsible party (referred to as the controller in the GDPR)The data processing controller on this website is:ownCloud GmbHRathsbergstr. 1790411 NürnbergGermanyPhone: +49 911 14888690Email: hello[at]owncloud[dot]comThe controller is the natural person or legal entity that single-handedly or jointly with others makes decisions as to the purposes of and resources for the processing of personal data (e.g. names, email addresses, etc.).Revocation of your consent to the processing of dataA wide range of data processing transactions are possible only subject to your express consent. You can also revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. To do so, all you are required to do is sent us an informal notification via email. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation.Right to object to the collection of data in special cases; right to object to direct advertising (Art. 21 GDPR)In the event that data are processed on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. e or f GDPR, you have the right to at any time object to the processing of your personal data based on grounds arising from your unique situation. This also applies to any profiling based on these provisions. To determine the legal basis, on which any processing of data is based, please consult this Data Protection Declaration. If you log an objection, we will no longer process your affected personal data, unless we are in a position to present compelling protection worthy grounds for the processing of your data, that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms or if the purpose of the processing is the claiming, exercising or defense of legal entitlements (objection pursuant to Art. 21 Sect. 1 GDPR).If your personal data is being processed in order to engage in direct advertising, you have the right to at any time object to the processing of your affected personal data for the purposes of such advertising. This also applies to profiling to the extent that it is affiliated with such direct advertising. If you object, your personal data will subsequently no longer be used for direct advertising purposes (objection pursuant to Art. 21 Sect. 2 GDPR).Right to log a complaint with the competent supervisory agencyIn the event of violations of the GDPR, data subjects are entitled to log a complaint with a supervisory agency, in particular in the member state where they usually maintain their domicile, place of work or at the place where the alleged violation occurred. The right to log a complaint is in effect regardless of any other administrative or court proceedings available as legal recourses.Right to data portabilityYou have the right to demand that we hand over any data we automatically process on the basis of your consent or in order to fulfil a contract be handed over to you or a third party in a commonly used, machine readable format. If you should demand the direct transfer of the data to another controller, this will be done only if it is technically feasible.SSL and/or TLS encryptionFor security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as purchase orders or inquiries you submit to us as the website operator, this website uses either an SSL or a TLS encryption program. You can recognize an encrypted connection by checking whether the address line of the browser switches from http:// to https:// and also by the appearance of the lock icon in the browser line.If the SSL or TLS encryption is activated, data you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties.Information about, blockage, rectification and eradication of dataWithin the scope of the applicable statutory provisions, you have the right to at any time demand information about your archived personal data, their source and recipients as well as the purpose of the processing of your data. You may also have a right to have your data rectified, blocked or eradicated. If you have questions about this subject matter or any other questions about personal data, please do not hesitate to contact us at any time at the address provided in section Imprint.Right to demand processing restrictionsYou have the right to demand the imposition of restrictions as far as the processing of your personal data is concerned. To do so, you may contact us at any time at the address provided in section Imprint. The right to demand restriction of processing applies in the following cases:In the event that you should dispute the correctness of your data archived by us, we will usually need some time to verify this claim. During the time that this investigation is ongoing, you have the right to demand that we restrict the processing of your personal data.If the processing of your personal data was/is conducted in an unlawful manner, you have the option to demand the restriction of the processing of your data in lieu of demanding the eradication of this data.If we do not need your personal data any longer and you need it to exercise, defend or claim legal entitlements, you have the right to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data instead of its eradication.If you have raised an objection pursuant to Art. 21 Sect. 1 GDPR, your rights and our rights will have to be weighed against each other. As long as it has not been determined whose interests prevail, you have the right to demand a restriction of the processing of your personal data.If you have restricted the processing of your personal data, these data  with the exception of their archiving  may be processed only subject to your consent or to claim, exercise or defend legal entitlements or to protect the rights of other natural persons or legal entities or for important public interest reasons cited by the European Union or a member state of the EU.Rejection of unsolicited emailsWe herewith object to the use of contact information published in conjunction with the mandatory information to be provided in section Imprint to send us promotional and information material that we have not expressly requested. The operators of this website and its pages reserve the express right to take legal action in the event of the unsolicited sending of promotional information, for instance via SPAM messages.3. Recording of data on our websiteCookiesIn some instances, our website and its pages use so-called cookies. Cookies do not cause any damage to your computer and do not contain viruses. The purpose of cookies is to make our website more user friendly, effective and more secure. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer and stored by your browser.Most of the cookies we use are so-called session cookies. They are automatically deleted after your leave our site. Other cookies will remain archived on your device until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognize your browser the next time you visit our website.You can adjust the settings of your browser to make sure that you are notified every time cookies are placed and to enable you to accept cookies only in specific cases or to exclude the acceptance of cookies for specific situations or in general and to activate the automatic deletion of cookies when you close your browser. If you deactivate cookies, the functions of this website may be limited.Cookies that are required for the performance of the electronic communications transaction or to provide certain functions you want to use (e.g. a shopping cart function), are stored on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in storing cookies to ensure the technically error free and optimized provision of the operators services. If other cookies (e.g. cookies for the analysis of your browsing patterns) should be stored, they are addressed separately in this Data Protection Declaration.Server log filesThe provider of this website and its pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser communicates to us automatically. The information comprises:The type and version of browser usedThe used operating systemReferrer URLThe hostname of the accessing computerThe time of the server inquiryThe IP addressThis data is not merged with other data sources.This data is recorded on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The operator of the website has a legitimate interest in the technically error free depiction and the optimization of the operators website. In order to achieve this, server log files must be recorded.Contact formIf you submit inquiries to us via our contact form, the information provided in the contact form as well as any contact information provided therein will be stored by us in order to handle your inquiry and in the event that we have further questions. We will not share this information without your consent.Hence, the processing of the data entered into the contact form occurs exclusively based on your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). You have the right to revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. To do so, all you are required to do is sent us an informal notification via email. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation.The information you have entered into the contact form shall remain with us until you ask us to eradicate the data, revoke your consent to the archiving of data or if the purpose for which the information is being archived no longer exists (e.g. after we have concluded our response to your inquiry). This shall be without prejudice to any mandatory legal provisions  in particular retention periods.Request by email, telephone or faxIf you contact us by email, telephone or fax, your request, including all resulting personal data (name, request) will be stored and processed by us for the purpose of processing your request. We do not pass these data on without your consent.The processing of these data is based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR, if your request is related to the execution of a contract or if it is necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures. In all other cases, the processing is based on your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 a GDPR) and/or on our legitimate interests (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR), since we have a legitimate interest in the effective processing of requests addressed to us.The data sent by you to us via contact requests remain with us until you request us to delete, revoke your consent to the storage or the purpose for the data storage lapses (e.g. after completion of your request). Mandatory statutory provisions  in particular statutory retention periods  remain unaffected.Registration on this websiteYou have the option to register on our website to be able to use additional website functions. We shall use the data you enter only for the purpose of using the respective offer or service you have registered for. The required information we request at the time of registration must be entered in full. Otherwise we shall reject the registration.To notify you of any important changes to the scope of our portfolio or in the event of technical modifications, we shall use the email address provided during the registration process.We shall process the data entered during the registration process on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). You have the right to revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. To do so, all you are required to do is sent us an informal notification via email. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation.The data recorded during the registration process shall be stored by us as long as you are registered on our website. Subsequently, such data shall be deleted. This shall be without prejudice to mandatory statutory retention obligations.4. Analysis tools and advertisingGoogle AnalyticsParts of this website use functions of the web analysis service Google Analytics. The provider of this service is Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.Google Analytics uses so-called cookies. Cookies are text files, which are stored on your computer and that enable an analysis of the use of the website by users. The information generated by cookies on your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the United States, where it is stored.The storage of Google Analytics cookies and the utilization of this analysis tool are based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The operator of this website has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user patterns to optimize both, the services offered online and the operators advertising activities.IP anonymizationOn this website, we have activated the IP anonymization function. As a result, your IP address will be abbreviated by Google within the member states of the European Union or in other states that have ratified the Convention on the European Economic Area prior to its transmission to the United States. The full IP address will be transmitted to one of Googles servers in the United States and abbreviated there only in exceptional cases. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google shall use this information to analyze your use of this website to generate reports on website activities and to render other services to the operator of this website that are related to the use of the website and the Internet. The IP address transmitted in conjunction with Google Analytics from your browser shall not be merged with other data in Googles possession.Browser plug-inYou do have the option to prevent the archiving of cookies by making pertinent changes to the settings of your browser software. However, we have to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all of the functions of this website to their fullest extent. Moreover, you have the option prevent the recording of the data generated by the cookie and affiliated with your use of the website (including your IP address) by Google as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link:https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.Objection to the recording of dataYou have the option to prevent the recording of your data by Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. This will result in the placement of an opt out cookie, which prevents the recording of your data during future visits to this website:Google Analytics deactivation.For more information about the handling of user data by Google Analytics, please consult Googles Data Privacy Declaration at:https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en.Contract data processingWe have executed a contract data processing agreement with Google and are implementing the stringent provisions of the German data protection agencies to the fullest when using Google Analytics.Demographic parameters provided by Google AnalyticsThis website uses the function demographic parameters provided by Google Analytics. It makes it possible to generate reports providing information on the age, gender and interests of website visitors. The sources of this information are interest-related advertising by Google as well as visitor data obtained from third party providers. This data cannot be allocated to a specific individual. You have the option to deactivate this function at any time by making pertinent settings changes for advertising in your Google account or you can generally prohibit the recording of your data by Google Analytics as explained in section Objection to the recording of data.Archiving periodData on the user or incident level stored by Google linked to cookies, user IDs or advertising IDs (e.g. DoubleClick cookies, Android advertising ID) will be anonymized or deleted after 14 months. For details please click the following link:https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/7667196?hl=enGoogle Analytics RemarketingParts of this website use the functions of Google Analytics Remarketing in combination with the functions of Google Ads and Google DoubleClick, which work on all devices. The provider of these solutions is Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.This function makes it possible to connect the advertising target groups generated with Google Analytics Remarketing with the functions of Google Ads and Google DoubleClick, which work on all devices. This makes it possible to display interest-based customized advertising messages, depending on your prior usage and browsing patterns on a device (e.g. cell phone) in a manner tailored to you as well as on any of your devices (e.g. tablet or PC).If you have given us pertinent consent, Google will connect your web and app browser progressions with your Google account for this purpose. As a result, it is possible to display the same personalized advertising messages on every device you log into with your Google account.To support this function, Google Analytics records Google authenticated IDs of users that are temporarily connected with our Google Analytics data to define and compile the target groups for the ads to be displayed on all devices.You have the option to permanently object to remarketing/targeting across all devices by deactivating personalized advertising. To do this, please follow this link:https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/.The consolidation of the recorded data in your Google account shall occur exclusively based on your consent, which you may give to Google and also revoke there (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). Data recording processes that are not consolidated in your Google account (for instance because you do not have a Google account or have objected to the consolidation of data), the recording of data is based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The legitimate interest arises from the fact that the operator of the website has a legitimate interest in the anonymized analysis of website visitor for advertising purposes.For further information and the pertinent data protection regulations, please consult the Data Privacy Policies of Google at:https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads?hl=en.Google Ads and Google Conversion TrackingParts of this website use Google Ads. Ads is an online promotional program of Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.In conjunction with Google Ads, we use a tool called Conversion Tracking. If you click on an ad posted by Google, a cookie for Conversion Tracking purposes will be placed. Cookies are small text files the web browser places on the users computer. These cookies expire after 30 days and are not used to personally identify users. If the user visits certain pages of this website and the cookie has not yet expired, Google and we will be able to recognize that the user has clicked on an ad and has been linked to this page.A different cookie is allocated to every Google Ads customer. These cookies cannot be tracked via websites of Ads customers. The information obtained with the assistance of the Conversion cookie is used to generate Conversion statistics for Ads customers who have opted to use Conversion Tracking. The users receive the total number of users that have clicked on their ads and have been linked to a page equipped with a Conversion Tracking tag. However, they do not receive any information that would allow them to personally identify these users. If you do not want to participate in tracking, you have the option to object to this use by easily deactivating the Google Conversion Tracking cookie via your web browser under user settings. If you do this, you will not be included in the Conversion Tracking statistics.The storage of Conversion cookies and the use of this tracking tool are based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user patterns, in order to optimize the operators web offerings and advertising.To review more detailed information about Google Ads and Google Conversion Tracking, please consult the Data Privacy Policies of Google at:https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.You can set up your browser in such a manner that you will be notified anytime cookies are placed and you can permit cookies only in certain cases or exclude the acceptance of cookies in certain instances or in general and you can also activate the automatic deletion of cookies upon closing of the browser. If you deactivate cookies, the functions of this website may be limited.Hubspot Inc.Parts of this website use the services of Hubspot Inc. (Hubspot) to: (a) collect statistical information about the use of the website and improve it accordingly, (b) provide downloads of white papers, e-books, and similar materials; and (c) operate email marketing. Hubspot is registered at Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141, USA.The legal basis for using Hubspots services is our legitimate interest in optimizing our marketing activities and the service quality of our website.Hubspot is in possession of a certification that is in compliance with the EU-US-Data Privacy Framework. The Data Privacy Framework is a self-certification program between the European Union (EU) and the United States of America (USA) that aims to warrant the compliance with European data protection standards in the United States.Processing of personal data as part of the registration processIf you register for a download or a webinar, you consent to the processing of your personal data and to the collection, processing and use of your personal data by ownCloud for the purposes described herein. If the registration form specifies forwarding to a partner company of ownCloud, you consent to the transfer of your data to the partner company specified therein. You also agree that the mandatory and voluntary information collected during registration, as well as the web analysis data of your visits to the ownCloud website, may be stored as a profile as well as evaluated and used for advertising purposes. This consent may be revoked at any time with effect for the future.CookiesHubspot uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Hubspot on servers operated by Hubspot. On behalf of the operator of this website, Hubspot will use this information for the purpose of evaluating the use of the website and compiling reports on website activity.For more details, please consult the Privacy Policy of Hubspot at: https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy. We have entered into a data processing agreement with Hubspot, in which we mandate that Hubspot undertake to protect the data of OwnClouds website visitors and to refrain from sharing it with third parties.5. Newsletter and email marketingNewsletter dataIf you would like to subscribe to the newsletter offered on this website, we will need from you an email address as well as information that allow us to verify that you are the owner of the email address provided and consent to the receipt of the newsletter. No further data shall be collected or shall be collected only on a voluntary basis. We shall use such data only for the sending of the requested information and shall not share such data with any third parties.The processing of the information entered into the newsletter subscription form shall occur exclusively on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). You may revoke the consent you have given to the archiving of data, the email address and the use of this information for the sending of the newsletter at any time, for instance by clicking on the Unsubscribe link in the newsletter. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data processing transactions that have taken place to date.The data you archive with us for the purpose of the newsletter subscription shall be archived by us until you unsubscribe from the newsletter. Once you cancel your subscription to the newsletter, the data shall be deleted. This shall not affect data we have been archiving for other purposes.Hubspot Inc.ownCloud uses the services of Hubspot to send out its newsletters as well as emails for marketing purposes and to inform its customers and partners about product updates, services, etc. The provider is Hubspot Inc registered at Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141, USA.Among other things, Hubspot is a service that can be deployed to organize and analyze the sending of newsletters and marketing emails. Whenever you enter data for the purpose of subscribing to a newsletter (e.g. your email address), the information is stored on Hubspot servers in the United States.Hubspot complies with the EU-US-Data Privacy Framework. The Data Privacy Framework is a self-certification program between the European Union (EU) and the United States of America (USA) that aims to warrant the compliance with European data protection standards in the United StatesWith the assistance of the Hubspot tool, we can analyze the performance of our newsletter and email campaigns. If you open an email that has been sent through the Hubspot tool, a file that has been integrated into the email (a so-called web-beacon) connects to Hubspots servers in the United States. As a result, it can be determined whether a newsletter message has been opened and which links the recipient possibly clicked on. Tracking email openings is not possible if you have disabled image display by default in your email program. Technical information is also recorded at that time (e.g. the time of access). The sole purpose of this information is the performance of statistical analyses of newsletter and email campaigns. The results of such analyses can be used to tailor future newsletters to the interests of their recipients more effectively.If you do not want to permit an analysis by Hubspot, you must unsubscribe from the newsletter or marketing emails. We provide a link for you to do this in every email message.The data is processed based on your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR), which you may revoke at any time by unsubscribing from the newsletter or marketing emails. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data processing transactions that have taken place prior to your revocation.The data you archive with us for the purpose of the email subscription shall be archived by us until you unsubscribe from the newsletter or marketing emails. Once you cancel your subscription to the newsletter or marketing emails, the data shall be deleted from our servers as well as those of Hubspot. This shall not affect data we have been archiving for other purposes.For more details, please consult the Privacy Policy of Hubspot at:https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy. We have entered into a data processing agreement with Hubspot, in which we mandate that Hubspot undertake to protect the data of OwnClouds website visitors and to refrain from sharing it with third parties.6. Plug-ins and ToolsYouTubeOur website uses plug-ins of the YouTube platform, which is operated by Google. The website operator is Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.If you visit a page on our website into which a YouTube plug-in has been integrated, a connection with YouTubes servers will be established. As a result, the YouTube server will be notified, which of our pages you have visited.Furthermore, YouTube will be able to place various cookies on your device. With the assistance of these cookies, YouTube will be able to obtain information about our website visitor. Among other things, this information will be used to generate video statistics with the aim of improving the user friendliness of the site and to prevent attempts to commit fraud. These cookies will stay on your device until you delete them.If you are logged into your YouTube account while you visit our site, you enable YouTube to directly allocate your browsing patterns to your personal profile. You have the option to prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.The use of YouTube is based on our interest in presenting our online content in an appealing manner. Pursuant to Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR, this is a legitimate interest.For more information on how YouTube handles user data, please consult the YouTube Data Privacy Policy under:https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.7. Custom ServicesJob ApplicationsWe offer website visitors the opportunity to submit job applications to us (e.g. via email, via postal services on by submitting the online job application form). Below, we will brief you on the scope, purpose and use of the personal data collected from you in conjunction with the application process. We assure you that the collection, processing and use of your data will occur in compliance with the applicable data privacy rights and all other statutory provisions and that your data will always be treated as strictly confidential.Scope and purpose of the collection of dataIf you submit a job application to us, we will process any affiliated personal data (e.g. contact and communications data, application documents, notes taken during job interviews, etc.), if they are required to make a decision concerning the establishment or an employment relationship. The legal grounds for the aforementioned are  26 Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG-neu) according to German Law (Negotiation of an Employment Relationship), Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR (General Contract Negotiations) and  provided you have given us your consent  Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR. You may revoke any consent given at any time. Within our company, your personal data will only be shared with individuals who are involved in the processing of your job application.If your job application should result in your recruitment, the data you have submitted will be archived on the grounds of  26 Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG-neu) and Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR for the purpose of implementing the employment relationship in our data processing system.Data Archiving PeriodIf we should not be able to offer you a position, if you refuse a job offer, retract your application, revoke your consent to the processing of your data or ask us to delete your data, we will store your transferred data, incl. any physically submitted application documents for a maximum of 6 months after the conclusion of the application process (retention period) to enable us to track the details of the application process in the event of disparities (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR).YOU HAVE THE OPTION TO OBJECT TO THIS STORAGE/RETENTION OF YOUR DATA IF YOU HAVE LEGITIMATE INTERESTS TO DO SO THAT OUTWEIGH OUR INTERESTS.Once the retention period has expired, the data will be deleted, unless we are subject to any other statutory retention obligations or if any other legal grounds exist to continue to store the data. If it should be foreseeable that the retention of your data will be necessary after the retention period has expired (e.g. due to imminent or pending litigation), the data shall not be deleted until the data have become irrelevant. This shall be without prejudice to any other statutory retention periods.8. Our social media appearancesData processing through social networksWe maintain publicly available profiles in social networks. The individual social networks we use can be found below.Social networks such as Facebook, LinkedIn etc. can generally analyze your user behavior comprehensively if you visit their website or a website with integrated social media content (e.g. like buttons or banner ads). When you visit our social media pages, numerous data protection-relevant processing operations are triggered. In detail:If you are logged in to your social media account and visit our social media page, the operator of the social media portal can assign this visit to your user account. Under certain circumstances, your personal data may also be recorded if you are not logged in or do not have an account with the respective social media portal. In this case, this data is collected, for example, via cookies stored on your device or by recording your IP address.Using the data collected in this way, the operators of the social media portals can create user profiles in which their preferences and interests are stored. This way you can see interest-based advertising inside and outside of your social media presence. If you have an account with the social network, interest-based advertising can be displayed on any device you are logged in to or have logged in to.Please also note that we cannot retrace all processing operations on the social media portals. Depending on the provider, additional processing operations may therefore be carried out by the operators of the social media portals. Details can be found in the terms of use and privacy policy of the respective social media portals.Legal basisOur social media appearances should ensure the widest possible presence on the Internet. This is a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The analysis processes initiated by the social networks may be based on divergent legal bases to be specified by the operators of the social networks (e.g. consent within the meaning of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR).Responsibility and assertion of rightsIf you visit one of our social media sites (e.g., Facebook), we, together with the operator of the social media platform, are responsible for the data processing operations triggered during this visit. You can in principle protect your rights (information, correction, deletion, limitation of processing, data portability and complaint) vis-à-vis us as well as vis-à-vis the operator of the respective social media portal (e.g. Facebook).Please note that despite the shared responsibility with the social media portal operators, we do not have full influence on the data processing operations of the social media portals. Our options are determined by the company policy of the respective provider.Storage timeThe data collected directly from us via the social media presence will be deleted from our systems as soon as the purpose for their storage lapses, you ask us to delete it, you revoke your consent to the storage or the purpose for the data storage lapses. Stored cookies remain on your device until you delete them. Mandatory statutory provisions  in particular, retention periods  remain unaffected.We have no control over the storage duration of your data that are stored by the social network operators for their own purposes. For details, please contact the social network operators directly (e.g. in their privacy policy, see below).Individual social networksFacebookWe have a profile on Facebook. The provider is Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA. Facebook is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield.We have signed a joint processing agreement (Controller Addendum) with Facebook. This agreement specifies which data processing operations we or Facebook are responsible for when you visit our Facebook page. You can view this agreement at the following link:https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendumYou can customize your advertising settings independently in your user account. Click on the following link and log in:https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=adsDetails can be found in the Facebook privacy policy:https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/TwitterWe use the short message service Twitter. The provider is Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States. Twitter is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield.You can customize your Twitter privacy settings in your user account. Click on the following link and log in:https://twitter.com/personalizationFor details, see the Twitter Privacy Policy:https://twitter.com/privacyXINGWe have a profile on XING. The provider is XING AG, Dammtorstraße 29-32, 20354 Hamburg, Germany. Details on their handling of your personal data can be found in the XING Privacy Policy:https://privacy.xing.com/de/datenschutzerklaerung.LinkedInWe have a LinkedIn profile. The provider is the LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Plaza, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland. LinkedIn is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield. LinkedIn uses advertising cookies.If you want to disable LinkedIn advertising cookies, please use the following link:https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out.For details on how they handle your personal information, please refer to LinkedIns privacy policy:https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy.9. Android App Privacy PolicyAboutownCloud GmbH provides the ownCloud Android app.This page is used to inform users regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.The app does not collect your personal information. All actions happen between the app and the respective ownCloud server or servers a user chooses to connect to. No sensitive data is handled inside this app.Data Collection and UseThe app does not use third party services that collect data used to identify users beyond those that the marketplace providers mandate, e.g. the Google Play Services for Android Apps purchased through the Google Play Store. Learn more about Privacy and the Google Play Services athttps://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.Log DataWe want to inform you that whenever you use our app, in case of an error we*dont*collect data and information by default. Rather, users can choose to switch on logging in the app settings and then can manually send those logs manually to us, if they so choose. Logs encompass technical information that is important to understand and fix the error or problem. No sensitive and personal information is enclosed in the logs. The user name and server name as well as the display name may appear. Any other authentication information is redacted. Logs are*never*shared with 3rd-party-apps.SecurityWe value your trust in using ownCloud Apps to handle your personal data, thus we are striving to protect it using state-of-the-art security measures. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.Changes to This Privacy PolicyWe may update our Privacy Policy occasionally. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.This policy is effective as of 2021-10-01.Contact UsIf you have any questions about our Android App Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at. 1. An overview of data protectionGeneral informationThe following information will provide you with an easy to navigate overview of what will happen with your personal data when you visit our website. The term personal data comprises all data that can be used to personally identify you. For detailed information about the subject matter of data protection, please consult our Data Protection Declaration, which we have included beneath this copy.Data recording on our websiteWho is the responsible party for the recording of data on this website (i.e. the controller)?The data on this website is processed by the operator of the website, whose contact information is available under section Imprint on this website.How do we record your data?We collect your data as a result of your sharing of your data with us. This may, for instance be information you enter into our contact form.Our IT systems automatically record other data when you visit our website. This data comprises primarily technical information (e.g. web browser, operating system or time the site was accessed). This information is recorded automatically when you access our website.What are the purposes we use your data for?A portion of the information is generated to guarantee the error free provision of the website. Other data may be used to analyze your user patterns.What rights do you have as far as your information is concerned?You have the right to receive information about the source, recipients and purposes of your archived personal data at any time without having to pay a fee for such disclosures. You also have the right to demand that your data are rectified, blocked or eradicated. Please do not hesitate to contact us at any time under the address disclosed in section Imprint on this website if you have questions about this or any other data protection related issues. You also have the right to log a complaint with the competent supervising agency.Moreover, under certain circumstances, you have the right to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data. For details, please consult the Data Protection Declaration under section Right to Restriction of Data Processing.Analysis tools and tools provided by third partiesThere is a possibility that your browsing patterns will be statistically analyzed when your visit our website. Such analyses are performed primarily with cookies and with what we refer to as analysis programs. As a rule, the analyses of your browsing patterns are conducted anonymously; i.e. the browsing patterns cannot be traced back to you.You have the option to object to such analyses or you can prevent their performance by not using certain tools. For detailed information about the tools and about your options to object, please consult our Data Protection Declaration below.2. General information and mandatory informationData protectionThe operators of this website and its pages take the protection of your personal data very seriously. Hence, we handle your personal data as confidential information and in compliance with the statutory data protection regulations and this Data Protection Declaration.Whenever you use this website, a variety of personal information will be collected. Personal data comprises data that can be used to personally identify you. This Data Protection Declaration explains which data we collect as well as the purposes we use this data for. It also explains how, and for which purpose the information is collected.We herewith advise you that the transmission of data via the Internet (i.e. through email communications) may be prone to security gaps. It is not always possible to completely protect data against third party access.Information about the responsible party (referred to as the controller in the GDPR)The data processing controller on this website is:ownCloud GmbHRathsbergstr. 1790411 NürnbergGermanyPhone: +49 911 14888690Email: hello[at]owncloud[dot]comThe controller is the natural person or legal entity that single-handedly or jointly with others makes decisions as to the purposes of and resources for the processing of personal data (e.g. names, email addresses, etc.).Revocation of your consent to the processing of dataA wide range of data processing transactions are possible only subject to your express consent. You can also revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. To do so, all you are required to do is sent us an informal notification via email. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation.Right to object to the collection of data in special cases; right to object to direct advertising (Art. 21 GDPR)In the event that data are processed on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. e or f GDPR, you have the right to at any time object to the processing of your personal data based on grounds arising from your unique situation. This also applies to any profiling based on these provisions. To determine the legal basis, on which any processing of data is based, please consult this Data Protection Declaration. If you log an objection, we will no longer process your affected personal data, unless we are in a position to present compelling protection worthy grounds for the processing of your data, that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms or if the purpose of the processing is the claiming, exercising or defense of legal entitlements (objection pursuant to Art. 21 Sect. 1 GDPR).If your personal data is being processed in order to engage in direct advertising, you have the right to at any time object to the processing of your affected personal data for the purposes of such advertising. This also applies to profiling to the extent that it is affiliated with such direct advertising. If you object, your personal data will subsequently no longer be used for direct advertising purposes (objection pursuant to Art. 21 Sect. 2 GDPR).Right to log a complaint with the competent supervisory agencyIn the event of violations of the GDPR, data subjects are entitled to log a complaint with a supervisory agency, in particular in the member state where they usually maintain their domicile, place of work or at the place where the alleged violation occurred. The right to log a complaint is in effect regardless of any other administrative or court proceedings available as legal recourses.Right to data portabilityYou have the right to demand that we hand over any data we automatically process on the basis of your consent or in order to fulfil a contract be handed over to you or a third party in a commonly used, machine readable format. If you should demand the direct transfer of the data to another controller, this will be done only if it is technically feasible.SSL and/or TLS encryptionFor security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as purchase orders or inquiries you submit to us as the website operator, this website uses either an SSL or a TLS encryption program. You can recognize an encrypted connection by checking whether the address line of the browser switches from http:// to https:// and also by the appearance of the lock icon in the browser line.If the SSL or TLS encryption is activated, data you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties.Information about, blockage, rectification and eradication of dataWithin the scope of the applicable statutory provisions, you have the right to at any time demand information about your archived personal data, their source and recipients as well as the purpose of the processing of your data. You may also have a right to have your data rectified, blocked or eradicated. If you have questions about this subject matter or any other questions about personal data, please do not hesitate to contact us at any time at the address provided in section Imprint.Right to demand processing restrictionsYou have the right to demand the imposition of restrictions as far as the processing of your personal data is concerned. To do so, you may contact us at any time at the address provided in section Imprint. The right to demand restriction of processing applies in the following cases:In the event that you should dispute the correctness of your data archived by us, we will usually need some time to verify this claim. During the time that this investigation is ongoing, you have the right to demand that we restrict the processing of your personal data.If the processing of your personal data was/is conducted in an unlawful manner, you have the option to demand the restriction of the processing of your data in lieu of demanding the eradication of this data.If we do not need your personal data any longer and you need it to exercise, defend or claim legal entitlements, you have the right to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data instead of its eradication.If you have raised an objection pursuant to Art. 21 Sect. 1 GDPR, your rights and our rights will have to be weighed against each other. As long as it has not been determined whose interests prevail, you have the right to demand a restriction of the processing of your personal data.If you have restricted the processing of your personal data, these data  with the exception of their archiving  may be processed only subject to your consent or to claim, exercise or defend legal entitlements or to protect the rights of other natural persons or legal entities or for important public interest reasons cited by the European Union or a member state of the EU.Rejection of unsolicited emailsWe herewith object to the use of contact information published in conjunction with the mandatory information to be provided in section Imprint to send us promotional and information material that we have not expressly requested. The operators of this website and its pages reserve the express right to take legal action in the event of the unsolicited sending of promotional information, for instance via SPAM messages.3. Recording of data on our websiteCookiesIn some instances, our website and its pages use so-called cookies. Cookies do not cause any damage to your computer and do not contain viruses. The purpose of cookies is to make our website more user friendly, effective and more secure. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer and stored by your browser.Most of the cookies we use are so-called session cookies. They are automatically deleted after your leave our site. Other cookies will remain archived on your device until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognize your browser the next time you visit our website.You can adjust the settings of your browser to make sure that you are notified every time cookies are placed and to enable you to accept cookies only in specific cases or to exclude the acceptance of cookies for specific situations or in general and to activate the automatic deletion of cookies when you close your browser. If you deactivate cookies, the functions of this website may be limited.Cookies that are required for the performance of the electronic communications transaction or to provide certain functions you want to use (e.g. a shopping cart function), are stored on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in storing cookies to ensure the technically error free and optimized provision of the operators services. If other cookies (e.g. cookies for the analysis of your browsing patterns) should be stored, they are addressed separately in this Data Protection Declaration.Server log filesThe provider of this website and its pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser communicates to us automatically. The information comprises:The type and version of browser usedThe used operating systemReferrer URLThe hostname of the accessing computerThe time of the server inquiryThe IP addressThis data is not merged with other data sources.This data is recorded on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The operator of the website has a legitimate interest in the technically error free depiction and the optimization of the operators website. In order to achieve this, server log files must be recorded.Contact formIf you submit inquiries to us via our contact form, the information provided in the contact form as well as any contact information provided therein will be stored by us in order to handle your inquiry and in the event that we have further questions. We will not share this information without your consent.Hence, the processing of the data entered into the contact form occurs exclusively based on your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). You have the right to revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. To do so, all you are required to do is sent us an informal notification via email. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation.The information you have entered into the contact form shall remain with us until you ask us to eradicate the data, revoke your consent to the archiving of data or if the purpose for which the information is being archived no longer exists (e.g. after we have concluded our response to your inquiry). This shall be without prejudice to any mandatory legal provisions  in particular retention periods.Request by email, telephone or faxIf you contact us by email, telephone or fax, your request, including all resulting personal data (name, request) will be stored and processed by us for the purpose of processing your request. We do not pass these data on without your consent.The processing of these data is based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR, if your request is related to the execution of a contract or if it is necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures. In all other cases, the processing is based on your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 a GDPR) and/or on our legitimate interests (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR), since we have a legitimate interest in the effective processing of requests addressed to us.The data sent by you to us via contact requests remain with us until you request us to delete, revoke your consent to the storage or the purpose for the data storage lapses (e.g. after completion of your request). Mandatory statutory provisions  in particular statutory retention periods  remain unaffected.Registration on this websiteYou have the option to register on our website to be able to use additional website functions. We shall use the data you enter only for the purpose of using the respective offer or service you have registered for. The required information we request at the time of registration must be entered in full. Otherwise we shall reject the registration.To notify you of any important changes to the scope of our portfolio or in the event of technical modifications, we shall use the email address provided during the registration process.We shall process the data entered during the registration process on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). You have the right to revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. To do so, all you are required to do is sent us an informal notification via email. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation.The data recorded during the registration process shall be stored by us as long as you are registered on our website. Subsequently, such data shall be deleted. This shall be without prejudice to mandatory statutory retention obligations.4. Analysis tools and advertisingGoogle AnalyticsParts of this website use functions of the web analysis service Google Analytics. The provider of this service is Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.Google Analytics uses so-called cookies. Cookies are text files, which are stored on your computer and that enable an analysis of the use of the website by users. The information generated by cookies on your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the United States, where it is stored.The storage of Google Analytics cookies and the utilization of this analysis tool are based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The operator of this website has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user patterns to optimize both, the services offered online and the operators advertising activities.IP anonymizationOn this website, we have activated the IP anonymization function. As a result, your IP address will be abbreviated by Google within the member states of the European Union or in other states that have ratified the Convention on the European Economic Area prior to its transmission to the United States. The full IP address will be transmitted to one of Googles servers in the United States and abbreviated there only in exceptional cases. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google shall use this information to analyze your use of this website to generate reports on website activities and to render other services to the operator of this website that are related to the use of the website and the Internet. The IP address transmitted in conjunction with Google Analytics from your browser shall not be merged with other data in Googles possession.Browser plug-inYou do have the option to prevent the archiving of cookies by making pertinent changes to the settings of your browser software. However, we have to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all of the functions of this website to their fullest extent. Moreover, you have the option prevent the recording of the data generated by the cookie and affiliated with your use of the website (including your IP address) by Google as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link:https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.Objection to the recording of dataYou have the option to prevent the recording of your data by Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. This will result in the placement of an opt out cookie, which prevents the recording of your data during future visits to this website:Google Analytics deactivation.For more information about the handling of user data by Google Analytics, please consult Googles Data Privacy Declaration at:https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en.Contract data processingWe have executed a contract data processing agreement with Google and are implementing the stringent provisions of the German data protection agencies to the fullest when using Google Analytics.Demographic parameters provided by Google AnalyticsThis website uses the function demographic parameters provided by Google Analytics. It makes it possible to generate reports providing information on the age, gender and interests of website visitors. The sources of this information are interest-related advertising by Google as well as visitor data obtained from third party providers. This data cannot be allocated to a specific individual. You have the option to deactivate this function at any time by making pertinent settings changes for advertising in your Google account or you can generally prohibit the recording of your data by Google Analytics as explained in section Objection to the recording of data.Archiving periodData on the user or incident level stored by Google linked to cookies, user IDs or advertising IDs (e.g. DoubleClick cookies, Android advertising ID) will be anonymized or deleted after 14 months. For details please click the following link:https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/7667196?hl=enGoogle Analytics RemarketingParts of this website use the functions of Google Analytics Remarketing in combination with the functions of Google Ads and Google DoubleClick, which work on all devices. The provider of these solutions is Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.This function makes it possible to connect the advertising target groups generated with Google Analytics Remarketing with the functions of Google Ads and Google DoubleClick, which work on all devices. This makes it possible to display interest-based customized advertising messages, depending on your prior usage and browsing patterns on a device (e.g. cell phone) in a manner tailored to you as well as on any of your devices (e.g. tablet or PC).If you have given us pertinent consent, Google will connect your web and app browser progressions with your Google account for this purpose. As a result, it is possible to display the same personalized advertising messages on every device you log into with your Google account.To support this function, Google Analytics records Google authenticated IDs of users that are temporarily connected with our Google Analytics data to define and compile the target groups for the ads to be displayed on all devices.You have the option to permanently object to remarketing/targeting across all devices by deactivating personalized advertising. To do this, please follow this link:https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/.The consolidation of the recorded data in your Google account shall occur exclusively based on your consent, which you may give to Google and also revoke there (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). Data recording processes that are not consolidated in your Google account (for instance because you do not have a Google account or have objected to the consolidation of data), the recording of data is based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The legitimate interest arises from the fact that the operator of the website has a legitimate interest in the anonymized analysis of website visitor for advertising purposes.For further information and the pertinent data protection regulations, please consult the Data Privacy Policies of Google at:https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads?hl=en.Google Ads and Google Conversion TrackingParts of this website use Google Ads. Ads is an online promotional program of Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.In conjunction with Google Ads, we use a tool called Conversion Tracking. If you click on an ad posted by Google, a cookie for Conversion Tracking purposes will be placed. Cookies are small text files the web browser places on the users computer. These cookies expire after 30 days and are not used to personally identify users. If the user visits certain pages of this website and the cookie has not yet expired, Google and we will be able to recognize that the user has clicked on an ad and has been linked to this page.A different cookie is allocated to every Google Ads customer. These cookies cannot be tracked via websites of Ads customers. The information obtained with the assistance of the Conversion cookie is used to generate Conversion statistics for Ads customers who have opted to use Conversion Tracking. The users receive the total number of users that have clicked on their ads and have been linked to a page equipped with a Conversion Tracking tag. However, they do not receive any information that would allow them to personally identify these users. If you do not want to participate in tracking, you have the option to object to this use by easily deactivating the Google Conversion Tracking cookie via your web browser under user settings. If you do this, you will not be included in the Conversion Tracking statistics.The storage of Conversion cookies and the use of this tracking tool are based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user patterns, in order to optimize the operators web offerings and advertising.To review more detailed information about Google Ads and Google Conversion Tracking, please consult the Data Privacy Policies of Google at:https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.You can set up your browser in such a manner that you will be notified anytime cookies are placed and you can permit cookies only in certain cases or exclude the acceptance of cookies in certain instances or in general and you can also activate the automatic deletion of cookies upon closing of the browser. If you deactivate cookies, the functions of this website may be limited.Hubspot Inc.Parts of this website use the services of Hubspot Inc. (Hubspot) to: (a) collect statistical information about the use of the website and improve it accordingly, (b) provide downloads of white papers, e-books, and similar materials; and (c) operate email marketing. Hubspot is registered at Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141, USA.The legal basis for using Hubspots services is our legitimate interest in optimizing our marketing activities and the service quality of our website.Hubspot is in possession of a certification that is in compliance with the EU-US-Data Privacy Framework. The Data Privacy Framework is a self-certification program between the European Union (EU) and the United States of America (USA) that aims to warrant the compliance with European data protection standards in the United States.Processing of personal data as part of the registration processIf you register for a download or a webinar, you consent to the processing of your personal data and to the collection, processing and use of your personal data by ownCloud for the purposes described herein. If the registration form specifies forwarding to a partner company of ownCloud, you consent to the transfer of your data to the partner company specified therein. You also agree that the mandatory and voluntary information collected during registration, as well as the web analysis data of your visits to the ownCloud website, may be stored as a profile as well as evaluated and used for advertising purposes. This consent may be revoked at any time with effect for the future.CookiesHubspot uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Hubspot on servers operated by Hubspot. On behalf of the operator of this website, Hubspot will use this information for the purpose of evaluating the use of the website and compiling reports on website activity.For more details, please consult the Privacy Policy of Hubspot at: https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy. We have entered into a data processing agreement with Hubspot, in which we mandate that Hubspot undertake to protect the data of OwnClouds website visitors and to refrain from sharing it with third parties.5. Newsletter and email marketingNewsletter dataIf you would like to subscribe to the newsletter offered on this website, we will need from you an email address as well as information that allow us to verify that you are the owner of the email address provided and consent to the receipt of the newsletter. No further data shall be collected or shall be collected only on a voluntary basis. We shall use such data only for the sending of the requested information and shall not share such data with any third parties.The processing of the information entered into the newsletter subscription form shall occur exclusively on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). You may revoke the consent you have given to the archiving of data, the email address and the use of this information for the sending of the newsletter at any time, for instance by clicking on the Unsubscribe link in the newsletter. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data processing transactions that have taken place to date.The data you archive with us for the purpose of the newsletter subscription shall be archived by us until you unsubscribe from the newsletter. Once you cancel your subscription to the newsletter, the data shall be deleted. This shall not affect data we have been archiving for other purposes.Hubspot Inc.ownCloud uses the services of Hubspot to send out its newsletters as well as emails for marketing purposes and to inform its customers and partners about product updates, services, etc. The provider is Hubspot Inc registered at Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141, USA.Among other things, Hubspot is a service that can be deployed to organize and analyze the sending of newsletters and marketing emails. Whenever you enter data for the purpose of subscribing to a newsletter (e.g. your email address), the information is stored on Hubspot servers in the United States.Hubspot complies with the EU-US-Data Privacy Framework. The Data Privacy Framework is a self-certification program between the European Union (EU) and the United States of America (USA) that aims to warrant the compliance with European data protection standards in the United StatesWith the assistance of the Hubspot tool, we can analyze the performance of our newsletter and email campaigns. If you open an email that has been sent through the Hubspot tool, a file that has been integrated into the email (a so-called web-beacon) connects to Hubspots servers in the United States. As a result, it can be determined whether a newsletter message has been opened and which links the recipient possibly clicked on. Tracking email openings is not possible if you have disabled image display by default in your email program. Technical information is also recorded at that time (e.g. the time of access). The sole purpose of this information is the performance of statistical analyses of newsletter and email campaigns. The results of such analyses can be used to tailor future newsletters to the interests of their recipients more effectively.If you do not want to permit an analysis by Hubspot, you must unsubscribe from the newsletter or marketing emails. We provide a link for you to do this in every email message.The data is processed based on your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR), which you may revoke at any time by unsubscribing from the newsletter or marketing emails. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data processing transactions that have taken place prior to your revocation.The data you archive with us for the purpose of the email subscription shall be archived by us until you unsubscribe from the newsletter or marketing emails. Once you cancel your subscription to the newsletter or marketing emails, the data shall be deleted from our servers as well as those of Hubspot. This shall not affect data we have been archiving for other purposes.For more details, please consult the Privacy Policy of Hubspot at:https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy. We have entered into a data processing agreement with Hubspot, in which we mandate that Hubspot undertake to protect the data of OwnClouds website visitors and to refrain from sharing it with third parties.6. Plug-ins and ToolsYouTubeOur website uses plug-ins of the YouTube platform, which is operated by Google. The website operator is Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.If you visit a page on our website into which a YouTube plug-in has been integrated, a connection with YouTubes servers will be established. As a result, the YouTube server will be notified, which of our pages you have visited.Furthermore, YouTube will be able to place various cookies on your device. With the assistance of these cookies, YouTube will be able to obtain information about our website visitor. Among other things, this information will be used to generate video statistics with the aim of improving the user friendliness of the site and to prevent attempts to commit fraud. These cookies will stay on your device until you delete them.If you are logged into your YouTube account while you visit our site, you enable YouTube to directly allocate your browsing patterns to your personal profile. You have the option to prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.The use of YouTube is based on our interest in presenting our online content in an appealing manner. Pursuant to Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR, this is a legitimate interest.For more information on how YouTube handles user data, please consult the YouTube Data Privacy Policy under:https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.7. Custom ServicesJob ApplicationsWe offer website visitors the opportunity to submit job applications to us (e.g. via email, via postal services on by submitting the online job application form). Below, we will brief you on the scope, purpose and use of the personal data collected from you in conjunction with the application process. We assure you that the collection, processing and use of your data will occur in compliance with the applicable data privacy rights and all other statutory provisions and that your data will always be treated as strictly confidential.Scope and purpose of the collection of dataIf you submit a job application to us, we will process any affiliated personal data (e.g. contact and communications data, application documents, notes taken during job interviews, etc.), if they are required to make a decision concerning the establishment or an employment relationship. The legal grounds for the aforementioned are  26 Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG-neu) according to German Law (Negotiation of an Employment Relationship), Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR (General Contract Negotiations) and  provided you have given us your consent  Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR. You may revoke any consent given at any time. Within our company, your personal data will only be shared with individuals who are involved in the processing of your job application.If your job application should result in your recruitment, the data you have submitted will be archived on the grounds of  26 Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG-neu) and Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR for the purpose of implementing the employment relationship in our data processing system.Data Archiving PeriodIf we should not be able to offer you a position, if you refuse a job offer, retract your application, revoke your consent to the processing of your data or ask us to delete your data, we will store your transferred data, incl. any physically submitted application documents for a maximum of 6 months after the conclusion of the application process (retention period) to enable us to track the details of the application process in the event of disparities (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR).YOU HAVE THE OPTION TO OBJECT TO THIS STORAGE/RETENTION OF YOUR DATA IF YOU HAVE LEGITIMATE INTERESTS TO DO SO THAT OUTWEIGH OUR INTERESTS.Once the retention period has expired, the data will be deleted, unless we are subject to any other statutory retention obligations or if any other legal grounds exist to continue to store the data. If it should be foreseeable that the retention of your data will be necessary after the retention period has expired (e.g. due to imminent or pending litigation), the data shall not be deleted until the data have become irrelevant. This shall be without prejudice to any other statutory retention periods.8. Our social media appearancesData processing through social networksWe maintain publicly available profiles in social networks. The individual social networks we use can be found below.Social networks such as Facebook, LinkedIn etc. can generally analyze your user behavior comprehensively if you visit their website or a website with integrated social media content (e.g. like buttons or banner ads). When you visit our social media pages, numerous data protection-relevant processing operations are triggered. In detail:If you are logged in to your social media account and visit our social media page, the operator of the social media portal can assign this visit to your user account. Under certain circumstances, your personal data may also be recorded if you are not logged in or do not have an account with the respective social media portal. In this case, this data is collected, for example, via cookies stored on your device or by recording your IP address.Using the data collected in this way, the operators of the social media portals can create user profiles in which their preferences and interests are stored. This way you can see interest-based advertising inside and outside of your social media presence. If you have an account with the social network, interest-based advertising can be displayed on any device you are logged in to or have logged in to.Please also note that we cannot retrace all processing operations on the social media portals. Depending on the provider, additional processing operations may therefore be carried out by the operators of the social media portals. Details can be found in the terms of use and privacy policy of the respective social media portals.Legal basisOur social media appearances should ensure the widest possible presence on the Internet. This is a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The analysis processes initiated by the social networks may be based on divergent legal bases to be specified by the operators of the social networks (e.g. consent within the meaning of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR).Responsibility and assertion of rightsIf you visit one of our social media sites (e.g., Facebook), we, together with the operator of the social media platform, are responsible for the data processing operations triggered during this visit. You can in principle protect your rights (information, correction, deletion, limitation of processing, data portability and complaint) vis-à-vis us as well as vis-à-vis the operator of the respective social media portal (e.g. Facebook).Please note that despite the shared responsibility with the social media portal operators, we do not have full influence on the data processing operations of the social media portals. Our options are determined by the company policy of the respective provider.Storage timeThe data collected directly from us via the social media presence will be deleted from our systems as soon as the purpose for their storage lapses, you ask us to delete it, you revoke your consent to the storage or the purpose for the data storage lapses. Stored cookies remain on your device until you delete them. Mandatory statutory provisions  in particular, retention periods  remain unaffected.We have no control over the storage duration of your data that are stored by the social network operators for their own purposes. For details, please contact the social network operators directly (e.g. in their privacy policy, see below).Individual social networksFacebookWe have a profile on Facebook. The provider is Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA. Facebook is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield.We have signed a joint processing agreement (Controller Addendum) with Facebook. This agreement specifies which data processing operations we or Facebook are responsible for when you visit our Facebook page. You can view this agreement at the following link:https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendumYou can customize your advertising settings independently in your user account. Click on the following link and log in:https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=adsDetails can be found in the Facebook privacy policy:https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/TwitterWe use the short message service Twitter. The provider is Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States. Twitter is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield.You can customize your Twitter privacy settings in your user account. Click on the following link and log in:https://twitter.com/personalizationFor details, see the Twitter Privacy Policy:https://twitter.com/privacyXINGWe have a profile on XING. The provider is XING AG, Dammtorstraße 29-32, 20354 Hamburg, Germany. Details on their handling of your personal data can be found in the XING Privacy Policy:https://privacy.xing.com/de/datenschutzerklaerung.LinkedInWe have a LinkedIn profile. The provider is the LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Plaza, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland. LinkedIn is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield. LinkedIn uses advertising cookies.If you want to disable LinkedIn advertising cookies, please use the following link:https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out.For details on how they handle your personal information, please refer to LinkedIns privacy policy:https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy.9. Android App Privacy PolicyAboutownCloud GmbH provides the ownCloud Android app.This page is used to inform users regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.The app does not collect your personal information. All actions happen between the app and the respective ownCloud server or servers a user chooses to connect to. No sensitive data is handled inside this app.Data Collection and UseThe app does not use third party services that collect data used to identify users beyond those that the marketplace providers mandate, e.g. the Google Play Services for Android Apps purchased through the Google Play Store. Learn more about Privacy and the Google Play Services athttps://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.Log DataWe want to inform you that whenever you use our app, in case of an error we*dont*collect data and information by default. Rather, users can choose to switch on logging in the app settings and then can manually send those logs manually to us, if they so choose. Logs encompass technical information that is important to understand and fix the error or problem. No sensitive and personal information is enclosed in the logs. The user name and server name as well as the display name may appear. Any other authentication information is redacted. Logs are*never*shared with 3rd-party-apps.SecurityWe value your trust in using ownCloud Apps to handle your personal data, thus we are striving to protect it using state-of-the-art security measures. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.Changes to This Privacy PolicyWe may update our Privacy Policy occasionally. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.This policy is effective as of 2021-10-01.Contact UsIf you have any questions about our Android App Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at. 1. An overview of data protectionGeneral informationThe following information will provide you with an easy to navigate overview of what will happen with your personal data when you visit our website. The term personal data comprises all data that can be used to personally identify you. For detailed information about the subject matter of data protection, please consult our Data Protection Declaration, which we have included beneath this copy.Data recording on our websiteWho is the responsible party for the recording of data on this website (i.e. the controller)?The data on this website is processed by the operator of the website, whose contact information is available under section Imprint on this website.How do we record your data?We collect your data as a result of your sharing of your data with us. This may, for instance be information you enter into our contact form.Our IT systems automatically record other data when you visit our website. This data comprises primarily technical information (e.g. web browser, operating system or time the site was accessed). This information is recorded automatically when you access our website.What are the purposes we use your data for?A portion of the information is generated to guarantee the error free provision of the website. Other data may be used to analyze your user patterns.What rights do you have as far as your information is concerned?You have the right to receive information about the source, recipients and purposes of your archived personal data at any time without having to pay a fee for such disclosures. You also have the right to demand that your data are rectified, blocked or eradicated. Please do not hesitate to contact us at any time under the address disclosed in section Imprint on this website if you have questions about this or any other data protection related issues. You also have the right to log a complaint with the competent supervising agency.Moreover, under certain circumstances, you have the right to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data. For details, please consult the Data Protection Declaration under section Right to Restriction of Data Processing.Analysis tools and tools provided by third partiesThere is a possibility that your browsing patterns will be statistically analyzed when your visit our website. Such analyses are performed primarily with cookies and with what we refer to as analysis programs. As a rule, the analyses of your browsing patterns are conducted anonymously; i.e. the browsing patterns cannot be traced back to you.You have the option to object to such analyses or you can prevent their performance by not using certain tools. For detailed information about the tools and about your options to object, please consult our Data Protection Declaration below.2. General information and mandatory informationData protectionThe operators of this website and its pages take the protection of your personal data very seriously. Hence, we handle your personal data as confidential information and in compliance with the statutory data protection regulations and this Data Protection Declaration.Whenever you use this website, a variety of personal information will be collected. Personal data comprises data that can be used to personally identify you. This Data Protection Declaration explains which data we collect as well as the purposes we use this data for. It also explains how, and for which purpose the information is collected.We herewith advise you that the transmission of data via the Internet (i.e. through email communications) may be prone to security gaps. It is not always possible to completely protect data against third party access.Information about the responsible party (referred to as the controller in the GDPR)The data processing controller on this website is:ownCloud GmbHRathsbergstr. 1790411 NürnbergGermanyPhone: +49 911 14888690Email: hello[at]owncloud[dot]comThe controller is the natural person or legal entity that single-handedly or jointly with others makes decisions as to the purposes of and resources for the processing of personal data (e.g. names, email addresses, etc.).Revocation of your consent to the processing of dataA wide range of data processing transactions are possible only subject to your express consent. You can also revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. To do so, all you are required to do is sent us an informal notification via email. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation.Right to object to the collection of data in special cases; right to object to direct advertising (Art. 21 GDPR)In the event that data are processed on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. e or f GDPR, you have the right to at any time object to the processing of your personal data based on grounds arising from your unique situation. This also applies to any profiling based on these provisions. To determine the legal basis, on which any processing of data is based, please consult this Data Protection Declaration. If you log an objection, we will no longer process your affected personal data, unless we are in a position to present compelling protection worthy grounds for the processing of your data, that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms or if the purpose of the processing is the claiming, exercising or defense of legal entitlements (objection pursuant to Art. 21 Sect. 1 GDPR).If your personal data is being processed in order to engage in direct advertising, you have the right to at any time object to the processing of your affected personal data for the purposes of such advertising. This also applies to profiling to the extent that it is affiliated with such direct advertising. If you object, your personal data will subsequently no longer be used for direct advertising purposes (objection pursuant to Art. 21 Sect. 2 GDPR).Right to log a complaint with the competent supervisory agencyIn the event of violations of the GDPR, data subjects are entitled to log a complaint with a supervisory agency, in particular in the member state where they usually maintain their domicile, place of work or at the place where the alleged violation occurred. The right to log a complaint is in effect regardless of any other administrative or court proceedings available as legal recourses.Right to data portabilityYou have the right to demand that we hand over any data we automatically process on the basis of your consent or in order to fulfil a contract be handed over to you or a third party in a commonly used, machine readable format. If you should demand the direct transfer of the data to another controller, this will be done only if it is technically feasible.SSL and/or TLS encryptionFor security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as purchase orders or inquiries you submit to us as the website operator, this website uses either an SSL or a TLS encryption program. You can recognize an encrypted connection by checking whether the address line of the browser switches from http:// to https:// and also by the appearance of the lock icon in the browser line.If the SSL or TLS encryption is activated, data you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties.Information about, blockage, rectification and eradication of dataWithin the scope of the applicable statutory provisions, you have the right to at any time demand information about your archived personal data, their source and recipients as well as the purpose of the processing of your data. You may also have a right to have your data rectified, blocked or eradicated. If you have questions about this subject matter or any other questions about personal data, please do not hesitate to contact us at any time at the address provided in section Imprint.Right to demand processing restrictionsYou have the right to demand the imposition of restrictions as far as the processing of your personal data is concerned. To do so, you may contact us at any time at the address provided in section Imprint. The right to demand restriction of processing applies in the following cases:In the event that you should dispute the correctness of your data archived by us, we will usually need some time to verify this claim. During the time that this investigation is ongoing, you have the right to demand that we restrict the processing of your personal data.If the processing of your personal data was/is conducted in an unlawful manner, you have the option to demand the restriction of the processing of your data in lieu of demanding the eradication of this data.If we do not need your personal data any longer and you need it to exercise, defend or claim legal entitlements, you have the right to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data instead of its eradication.If you have raised an objection pursuant to Art. 21 Sect. 1 GDPR, your rights and our rights will have to be weighed against each other. As long as it has not been determined whose interests prevail, you have the right to demand a restriction of the processing of your personal data.If you have restricted the processing of your personal data, these data  with the exception of their archiving  may be processed only subject to your consent or to claim, exercise or defend legal entitlements or to protect the rights of other natural persons or legal entities or for important public interest reasons cited by the European Union or a member state of the EU.Rejection of unsolicited emailsWe herewith object to the use of contact information published in conjunction with the mandatory information to be provided in section Imprint to send us promotional and information material that we have not expressly requested. The operators of this website and its pages reserve the express right to take legal action in the event of the unsolicited sending of promotional information, for instance via SPAM messages.3. Recording of data on our websiteCookiesIn some instances, our website and its pages use so-called cookies. Cookies do not cause any damage to your computer and do not contain viruses. The purpose of cookies is to make our website more user friendly, effective and more secure. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer and stored by your browser.Most of the cookies we use are so-called session cookies. They are automatically deleted after your leave our site. Other cookies will remain archived on your device until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognize your browser the next time you visit our website.You can adjust the settings of your browser to make sure that you are notified every time cookies are placed and to enable you to accept cookies only in specific cases or to exclude the acceptance of cookies for specific situations or in general and to activate the automatic deletion of cookies when you close your browser. If you deactivate cookies, the functions of this website may be limited.Cookies that are required for the performance of the electronic communications transaction or to provide certain functions you want to use (e.g. a shopping cart function), are stored on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in storing cookies to ensure the technically error free and optimized provision of the operators services. If other cookies (e.g. cookies for the analysis of your browsing patterns) should be stored, they are addressed separately in this Data Protection Declaration.Server log filesThe provider of this website and its pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser communicates to us automatically. The information comprises:The type and version of browser usedThe used operating systemReferrer URLThe hostname of the accessing computerThe time of the server inquiryThe IP addressThis data is not merged with other data sources.This data is recorded on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The operator of the website has a legitimate interest in the technically error free depiction and the optimization of the operators website. In order to achieve this, server log files must be recorded.Contact formIf you submit inquiries to us via our contact form, the information provided in the contact form as well as any contact information provided therein will be stored by us in order to handle your inquiry and in the event that we have further questions. We will not share this information without your consent.Hence, the processing of the data entered into the contact form occurs exclusively based on your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). You have the right to revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. To do so, all you are required to do is sent us an informal notification via email. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation.The information you have entered into the contact form shall remain with us until you ask us to eradicate the data, revoke your consent to the archiving of data or if the purpose for which the information is being archived no longer exists (e.g. after we have concluded our response to your inquiry). This shall be without prejudice to any mandatory legal provisions  in particular retention periods.Request by email, telephone or faxIf you contact us by email, telephone or fax, your request, including all resulting personal data (name, request) will be stored and processed by us for the purpose of processing your request. We do not pass these data on without your consent.The processing of these data is based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR, if your request is related to the execution of a contract or if it is necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures. In all other cases, the processing is based on your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 a GDPR) and/or on our legitimate interests (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR), since we have a legitimate interest in the effective processing of requests addressed to us.The data sent by you to us via contact requests remain with us until you request us to delete, revoke your consent to the storage or the purpose for the data storage lapses (e.g. after completion of your request). Mandatory statutory provisions  in particular statutory retention periods  remain unaffected.Registration on this websiteYou have the option to register on our website to be able to use additional website functions. We shall use the data you enter only for the purpose of using the respective offer or service you have registered for. The required information we request at the time of registration must be entered in full. Otherwise we shall reject the registration.To notify you of any important changes to the scope of our portfolio or in the event of technical modifications, we shall use the email address provided during the registration process.We shall process the data entered during the registration process on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). You have the right to revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. To do so, all you are required to do is sent us an informal notification via email. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation.The data recorded during the registration process shall be stored by us as long as you are registered on our website. Subsequently, such data shall be deleted. This shall be without prejudice to mandatory statutory retention obligations.4. Analysis tools and advertisingGoogle AnalyticsParts of this website use functions of the web analysis service Google Analytics. The provider of this service is Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.Google Analytics uses so-called cookies. Cookies are text files, which are stored on your computer and that enable an analysis of the use of the website by users. The information generated by cookies on your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the United States, where it is stored.The storage of Google Analytics cookies and the utilization of this analysis tool are based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The operator of this website has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user patterns to optimize both, the services offered online and the operators advertising activities.IP anonymizationOn this website, we have activated the IP anonymization function. As a result, your IP address will be abbreviated by Google within the member states of the European Union or in other states that have ratified the Convention on the European Economic Area prior to its transmission to the United States. The full IP address will be transmitted to one of Googles servers in the United States and abbreviated there only in exceptional cases. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google shall use this information to analyze your use of this website to generate reports on website activities and to render other services to the operator of this website that are related to the use of the website and the Internet. The IP address transmitted in conjunction with Google Analytics from your browser shall not be merged with other data in Googles possession.Browser plug-inYou do have the option to prevent the archiving of cookies by making pertinent changes to the settings of your browser software. However, we have to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all of the functions of this website to their fullest extent. Moreover, you have the option prevent the recording of the data generated by the cookie and affiliated with your use of the website (including your IP address) by Google as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link:https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.Objection to the recording of dataYou have the option to prevent the recording of your data by Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. This will result in the placement of an opt out cookie, which prevents the recording of your data during future visits to this website:Google Analytics deactivation.For more information about the handling of user data by Google Analytics, please consult Googles Data Privacy Declaration at:https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en.Contract data processingWe have executed a contract data processing agreement with Google and are implementing the stringent provisions of the German data protection agencies to the fullest when using Google Analytics.Demographic parameters provided by Google AnalyticsThis website uses the function demographic parameters provided by Google Analytics. It makes it possible to generate reports providing information on the age, gender and interests of website visitors. The sources of this information are interest-related advertising by Google as well as visitor data obtained from third party providers. This data cannot be allocated to a specific individual. You have the option to deactivate this function at any time by making pertinent settings changes for advertising in your Google account or you can generally prohibit the recording of your data by Google Analytics as explained in section Objection to the recording of data.Archiving periodData on the user or incident level stored by Google linked to cookies, user IDs or advertising IDs (e.g. DoubleClick cookies, Android advertising ID) will be anonymized or deleted after 14 months. For details please click the following link:https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/7667196?hl=enGoogle Analytics RemarketingParts of this website use the functions of Google Analytics Remarketing in combination with the functions of Google Ads and Google DoubleClick, which work on all devices. The provider of these solutions is Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.This function makes it possible to connect the advertising target groups generated with Google Analytics Remarketing with the functions of Google Ads and Google DoubleClick, which work on all devices. This makes it possible to display interest-based customized advertising messages, depending on your prior usage and browsing patterns on a device (e.g. cell phone) in a manner tailored to you as well as on any of your devices (e.g. tablet or PC).If you have given us pertinent consent, Google will connect your web and app browser progressions with your Google account for this purpose. As a result, it is possible to display the same personalized advertising messages on every device you log into with your Google account.To support this function, Google Analytics records Google authenticated IDs of users that are temporarily connected with our Google Analytics data to define and compile the target groups for the ads to be displayed on all devices.You have the option to permanently object to remarketing/targeting across all devices by deactivating personalized advertising. To do this, please follow this link:https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/.The consolidation of the recorded data in your Google account shall occur exclusively based on your consent, which you may give to Google and also revoke there (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). Data recording processes that are not consolidated in your Google account (for instance because you do not have a Google account or have objected to the consolidation of data), the recording of data is based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The legitimate interest arises from the fact that the operator of the website has a legitimate interest in the anonymized analysis of website visitor for advertising purposes.For further information and the pertinent data protection regulations, please consult the Data Privacy Policies of Google at:https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads?hl=en.Google Ads and Google Conversion TrackingParts of this website use Google Ads. Ads is an online promotional program of Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.In conjunction with Google Ads, we use a tool called Conversion Tracking. If you click on an ad posted by Google, a cookie for Conversion Tracking purposes will be placed. Cookies are small text files the web browser places on the users computer. These cookies expire after 30 days and are not used to personally identify users. If the user visits certain pages of this website and the cookie has not yet expired, Google and we will be able to recognize that the user has clicked on an ad and has been linked to this page.A different cookie is allocated to every Google Ads customer. These cookies cannot be tracked via websites of Ads customers. The information obtained with the assistance of the Conversion cookie is used to generate Conversion statistics for Ads customers who have opted to use Conversion Tracking. The users receive the total number of users that have clicked on their ads and have been linked to a page equipped with a Conversion Tracking tag. However, they do not receive any information that would allow them to personally identify these users. If you do not want to participate in tracking, you have the option to object to this use by easily deactivating the Google Conversion Tracking cookie via your web browser under user settings. If you do this, you will not be included in the Conversion Tracking statistics.The storage of Conversion cookies and the use of this tracking tool are based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user patterns, in order to optimize the operators web offerings and advertising.To review more detailed information about Google Ads and Google Conversion Tracking, please consult the Data Privacy Policies of Google at:https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.You can set up your browser in such a manner that you will be notified anytime cookies are placed and you can permit cookies only in certain cases or exclude the acceptance of cookies in certain instances or in general and you can also activate the automatic deletion of cookies upon closing of the browser. If you deactivate cookies, the functions of this website may be limited.Hubspot Inc.Parts of this website use the services of Hubspot Inc. (Hubspot) to: (a) collect statistical information about the use of the website and improve it accordingly, (b) provide downloads of white papers, e-books, and similar materials; and (c) operate email marketing. Hubspot is registered at Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141, USA.The legal basis for using Hubspots services is our legitimate interest in optimizing our marketing activities and the service quality of our website.Hubspot is in possession of a certification that is in compliance with the EU-US-Data Privacy Framework. The Data Privacy Framework is a self-certification program between the European Union (EU) and the United States of America (USA) that aims to warrant the compliance with European data protection standards in the United States.Processing of personal data as part of the registration processIf you register for a download or a webinar, you consent to the processing of your personal data and to the collection, processing and use of your personal data by ownCloud for the purposes described herein. If the registration form specifies forwarding to a partner company of ownCloud, you consent to the transfer of your data to the partner company specified therein. You also agree that the mandatory and voluntary information collected during registration, as well as the web analysis data of your visits to the ownCloud website, may be stored as a profile as well as evaluated and used for advertising purposes. This consent may be revoked at any time with effect for the future.CookiesHubspot uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Hubspot on servers operated by Hubspot. On behalf of the operator of this website, Hubspot will use this information for the purpose of evaluating the use of the website and compiling reports on website activity.For more details, please consult the Privacy Policy of Hubspot at: https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy. We have entered into a data processing agreement with Hubspot, in which we mandate that Hubspot undertake to protect the data of OwnClouds website visitors and to refrain from sharing it with third parties.5. Newsletter and email marketingNewsletter dataIf you would like to subscribe to the newsletter offered on this website, we will need from you an email address as well as information that allow us to verify that you are the owner of the email address provided and consent to the receipt of the newsletter. No further data shall be collected or shall be collected only on a voluntary basis. We shall use such data only for the sending of the requested information and shall not share such data with any third parties.The processing of the information entered into the newsletter subscription form shall occur exclusively on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). You may revoke the consent you have given to the archiving of data, the email address and the use of this information for the sending of the newsletter at any time, for instance by clicking on the Unsubscribe link in the newsletter. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data processing transactions that have taken place to date.The data you archive with us for the purpose of the newsletter subscription shall be archived by us until you unsubscribe from the newsletter. Once you cancel your subscription to the newsletter, the data shall be deleted. This shall not affect data we have been archiving for other purposes.Hubspot Inc.ownCloud uses the services of Hubspot to send out its newsletters as well as emails for marketing purposes and to inform its customers and partners about product updates, services, etc. The provider is Hubspot Inc registered at Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141, USA.Among other things, Hubspot is a service that can be deployed to organize and analyze the sending of newsletters and marketing emails. Whenever you enter data for the purpose of subscribing to a newsletter (e.g. your email address), the information is stored on Hubspot servers in the United States.Hubspot complies with the EU-US-Data Privacy Framework. The Data Privacy Framework is a self-certification program between the European Union (EU) and the United States of America (USA) that aims to warrant the compliance with European data protection standards in the United StatesWith the assistance of the Hubspot tool, we can analyze the performance of our newsletter and email campaigns. If you open an email that has been sent through the Hubspot tool, a file that has been integrated into the email (a so-called web-beacon) connects to Hubspots servers in the United States. As a result, it can be determined whether a newsletter message has been opened and which links the recipient possibly clicked on. Tracking email openings is not possible if you have disabled image display by default in your email program. Technical information is also recorded at that time (e.g. the time of access). The sole purpose of this information is the performance of statistical analyses of newsletter and email campaigns. The results of such analyses can be used to tailor future newsletters to the interests of their recipients more effectively.If you do not want to permit an analysis by Hubspot, you must unsubscribe from the newsletter or marketing emails. We provide a link for you to do this in every email message.The data is processed based on your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR), which you may revoke at any time by unsubscribing from the newsletter or marketing emails. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data processing transactions that have taken place prior to your revocation.The data you archive with us for the purpose of the email subscription shall be archived by us until you unsubscribe from the newsletter or marketing emails. Once you cancel your subscription to the newsletter or marketing emails, the data shall be deleted from our servers as well as those of Hubspot. This shall not affect data we have been archiving for other purposes.For more details, please consult the Privacy Policy of Hubspot at:https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy. We have entered into a data processing agreement with Hubspot, in which we mandate that Hubspot undertake to protect the data of OwnClouds website visitors and to refrain from sharing it with third parties.6. Plug-ins and ToolsYouTubeOur website uses plug-ins of the YouTube platform, which is operated by Google. The website operator is Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.If you visit a page on our website into which a YouTube plug-in has been integrated, a connection with YouTubes servers will be established. As a result, the YouTube server will be notified, which of our pages you have visited.Furthermore, YouTube will be able to place various cookies on your device. With the assistance of these cookies, YouTube will be able to obtain information about our website visitor. Among other things, this information will be used to generate video statistics with the aim of improving the user friendliness of the site and to prevent attempts to commit fraud. These cookies will stay on your device until you delete them.If you are logged into your YouTube account while you visit our site, you enable YouTube to directly allocate your browsing patterns to your personal profile. You have the option to prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.The use of YouTube is based on our interest in presenting our online content in an appealing manner. Pursuant to Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR, this is a legitimate interest.For more information on how YouTube handles user data, please consult the YouTube Data Privacy Policy under:https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.7. Custom ServicesJob ApplicationsWe offer website visitors the opportunity to submit job applications to us (e.g. via email, via postal services on by submitting the online job application form). Below, we will brief you on the scope, purpose and use of the personal data collected from you in conjunction with the application process. We assure you that the collection, processing and use of your data will occur in compliance with the applicable data privacy rights and all other statutory provisions and that your data will always be treated as strictly confidential.Scope and purpose of the collection of dataIf you submit a job application to us, we will process any affiliated personal data (e.g. contact and communications data, application documents, notes taken during job interviews, etc.), if they are required to make a decision concerning the establishment or an employment relationship. The legal grounds for the aforementioned are  26 Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG-neu) according to German Law (Negotiation of an Employment Relationship), Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR (General Contract Negotiations) and  provided you have given us your consent  Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR. You may revoke any consent given at any time. Within our company, your personal data will only be shared with individuals who are involved in the processing of your job application.If your job application should result in your recruitment, the data you have submitted will be archived on the grounds of  26 Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG-neu) and Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR for the purpose of implementing the employment relationship in our data processing system.Data Archiving PeriodIf we should not be able to offer you a position, if you refuse a job offer, retract your application, revoke your consent to the processing of your data or ask us to delete your data, we will store your transferred data, incl. any physically submitted application documents for a maximum of 6 months after the conclusion of the application process (retention period) to enable us to track the details of the application process in the event of disparities (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR).YOU HAVE THE OPTION TO OBJECT TO THIS STORAGE/RETENTION OF YOUR DATA IF YOU HAVE LEGITIMATE INTERESTS TO DO SO THAT OUTWEIGH OUR INTERESTS.Once the retention period has expired, the data will be deleted, unless we are subject to any other statutory retention obligations or if any other legal grounds exist to continue to store the data. If it should be foreseeable that the retention of your data will be necessary after the retention period has expired (e.g. due to imminent or pending litigation), the data shall not be deleted until the data have become irrelevant. This shall be without prejudice to any other statutory retention periods.8. Our social media appearancesData processing through social networksWe maintain publicly available profiles in social networks. The individual social networks we use can be found below.Social networks such as Facebook, LinkedIn etc. can generally analyze your user behavior comprehensively if you visit their website or a website with integrated social media content (e.g. like buttons or banner ads). When you visit our social media pages, numerous data protection-relevant processing operations are triggered. In detail:If you are logged in to your social media account and visit our social media page, the operator of the social media portal can assign this visit to your user account. Under certain circumstances, your personal data may also be recorded if you are not logged in or do not have an account with the respective social media portal. In this case, this data is collected, for example, via cookies stored on your device or by recording your IP address.Using the data collected in this way, the operators of the social media portals can create user profiles in which their preferences and interests are stored. This way you can see interest-based advertising inside and outside of your social media presence. If you have an account with the social network, interest-based advertising can be displayed on any device you are logged in to or have logged in to.Please also note that we cannot retrace all processing operations on the social media portals. Depending on the provider, additional processing operations may therefore be carried out by the operators of the social media portals. Details can be found in the terms of use and privacy policy of the respective social media portals.Legal basisOur social media appearances should ensure the widest possible presence on the Internet. This is a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The analysis processes initiated by the social networks may be based on divergent legal bases to be specified by the operators of the social networks (e.g. consent within the meaning of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR).Responsibility and assertion of rightsIf you visit one of our social media sites (e.g., Facebook), we, together with the operator of the social media platform, are responsible for the data processing operations triggered during this visit. You can in principle protect your rights (information, correction, deletion, limitation of processing, data portability and complaint) vis-à-vis us as well as vis-à-vis the operator of the respective social media portal (e.g. Facebook).Please note that despite the shared responsibility with the social media portal operators, we do not have full influence on the data processing operations of the social media portals. Our options are determined by the company policy of the respective provider.Storage timeThe data collected directly from us via the social media presence will be deleted from our systems as soon as the purpose for their storage lapses, you ask us to delete it, you revoke your consent to the storage or the purpose for the data storage lapses. Stored cookies remain on your device until you delete them. Mandatory statutory provisions  in particular, retention periods  remain unaffected.We have no control over the storage duration of your data that are stored by the social network operators for their own purposes. For details, please contact the social network operators directly (e.g. in their privacy policy, see below).Individual social networksFacebookWe have a profile on Facebook. The provider is Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA. Facebook is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield.We have signed a joint processing agreement (Controller Addendum) with Facebook. This agreement specifies which data processing operations we or Facebook are responsible for when you visit our Facebook page. You can view this agreement at the following link:https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendumYou can customize your advertising settings independently in your user account. Click on the following link and log in:https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=adsDetails can be found in the Facebook privacy policy:https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/TwitterWe use the short message service Twitter. The provider is Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States. Twitter is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield.You can customize your Twitter privacy settings in your user account. Click on the following link and log in:https://twitter.com/personalizationFor details, see the Twitter Privacy Policy:https://twitter.com/privacyXINGWe have a profile on XING. The provider is XING AG, Dammtorstraße 29-32, 20354 Hamburg, Germany. Details on their handling of your personal data can be found in the XING Privacy Policy:https://privacy.xing.com/de/datenschutzerklaerung.LinkedInWe have a LinkedIn profile. The provider is the LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Plaza, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland. LinkedIn is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield. LinkedIn uses advertising cookies.If you want to disable LinkedIn advertising cookies, please use the following link:https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out.For details on how they handle your personal information, please refer to LinkedIns privacy policy:https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy.9. Android App Privacy PolicyAboutownCloud GmbH provides the ownCloud Android app.This page is used to inform users regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.The app does not collect your personal information. All actions happen between the app and the respective ownCloud server or servers a user chooses to connect to. No sensitive data is handled inside this app.Data Collection and UseThe app does not use third party services that collect data used to identify users beyond those that the marketplace providers mandate, e.g. the Google Play Services for Android Apps purchased through the Google Play Store. Learn more about Privacy and the Google Play Services athttps://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.Log DataWe want to inform you that whenever you use our app, in case of an error we*dont*collect data and information by default. Rather, users can choose to switch on logging in the app settings and then can manually send those logs manually to us, if they so choose. Logs encompass technical information that is important to understand and fix the error or problem. No sensitive and personal information is enclosed in the logs. The user name and server name as well as the display name may appear. Any other authentication information is redacted. Logs are*never*shared with 3rd-party-apps.SecurityWe value your trust in using ownCloud Apps to handle your personal data, thus we are striving to protect it using state-of-the-art security measures. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.Changes to This Privacy PolicyWe may update our Privacy Policy occasionally. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.This policy is effective as of 2021-10-01.Contact UsIf you have any questions about our Android App Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at. 1. An overview of data protectionGeneral informationThe following information will provide you with an easy to navigate overview of what will happen with your personal data when you visit our website. The term personal data comprises all data that can be used to personally identify you. For detailed information about the subject matter of data protection, please consult our Data Protection Declaration, which we have included beneath this copy.Data recording on our websiteWho is the responsible party for the recording of data on this website (i.e. the controller)?The data on this website is processed by the operator of the website, whose contact information is available under section Imprint on this website.How do we record your data?We collect your data as a result of your sharing of your data with us. This may, for instance be information you enter into our contact form.Our IT systems automatically record other data when you visit our website. This data comprises primarily technical information (e.g. web browser, operating system or time the site was accessed). This information is recorded automatically when you access our website.What are the purposes we use your data for?A portion of the information is generated to guarantee the error free provision of the website. Other data may be used to analyze your user patterns.What rights do you have as far as your information is concerned?You have the right to receive information about the source, recipients and purposes of your archived personal data at any time without having to pay a fee for such disclosures. You also have the right to demand that your data are rectified, blocked or eradicated. Please do not hesitate to contact us at any time under the address disclosed in section Imprint on this website if you have questions about this or any other data protection related issues. You also have the right to log a complaint with the competent supervising agency.Moreover, under certain circumstances, you have the right to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data. For details, please consult the Data Protection Declaration under section Right to Restriction of Data Processing.Analysis tools and tools provided by third partiesThere is a possibility that your browsing patterns will be statistically analyzed when your visit our website. Such analyses are performed primarily with cookies and with what we refer to as analysis programs. As a rule, the analyses of your browsing patterns are conducted anonymously; i.e. the browsing patterns cannot be traced back to you.You have the option to object to such analyses or you can prevent their performance by not using certain tools. For detailed information about the tools and about your options to object, please consult our Data Protection Declaration below.2. General information and mandatory informationData protectionThe operators of this website and its pages take the protection of your personal data very seriously. Hence, we handle your personal data as confidential information and in compliance with the statutory data protection regulations and this Data Protection Declaration.Whenever you use this website, a variety of personal information will be collected. Personal data comprises data that can be used to personally identify you. This Data Protection Declaration explains which data we collect as well as the purposes we use this data for. It also explains how, and for which purpose the information is collected.We herewith advise you that the transmission of data via the Internet (i.e. through email communications) may be prone to security gaps. It is not always possible to completely protect data against third party access.Information about the responsible party (referred to as the controller in the GDPR)The data processing controller on this website is:ownCloud GmbHRathsbergstr. 1790411 NürnbergGermanyPhone: +49 911 14888690Email: hello[at]owncloud[dot]comThe controller is the natural person or legal entity that single-handedly or jointly with others makes decisions as to the purposes of and resources for the processing of personal data (e.g. names, email addresses, etc.).Revocation of your consent to the processing of dataA wide range of data processing transactions are possible only subject to your express consent. You can also revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. To do so, all you are required to do is sent us an informal notification via email. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation.Right to object to the collection of data in special cases; right to object to direct advertising (Art. 21 GDPR)In the event that data are processed on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. e or f GDPR, you have the right to at any time object to the processing of your personal data based on grounds arising from your unique situation. This also applies to any profiling based on these provisions. To determine the legal basis, on which any processing of data is based, please consult this Data Protection Declaration. If you log an objection, we will no longer process your affected personal data, unless we are in a position to present compelling protection worthy grounds for the processing of your data, that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms or if the purpose of the processing is the claiming, exercising or defense of legal entitlements (objection pursuant to Art. 21 Sect. 1 GDPR).If your personal data is being processed in order to engage in direct advertising, you have the right to at any time object to the processing of your affected personal data for the purposes of such advertising. This also applies to profiling to the extent that it is affiliated with such direct advertising. If you object, your personal data will subsequently no longer be used for direct advertising purposes (objection pursuant to Art. 21 Sect. 2 GDPR).Right to log a complaint with the competent supervisory agencyIn the event of violations of the GDPR, data subjects are entitled to log a complaint with a supervisory agency, in particular in the member state where they usually maintain their domicile, place of work or at the place where the alleged violation occurred. The right to log a complaint is in effect regardless of any other administrative or court proceedings available as legal recourses.Right to data portabilityYou have the right to demand that we hand over any data we automatically process on the basis of your consent or in order to fulfil a contract be handed over to you or a third party in a commonly used, machine readable format. If you should demand the direct transfer of the data to another controller, this will be done only if it is technically feasible.SSL and/or TLS encryptionFor security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as purchase orders or inquiries you submit to us as the website operator, this website uses either an SSL or a TLS encryption program. You can recognize an encrypted connection by checking whether the address line of the browser switches from http:// to https:// and also by the appearance of the lock icon in the browser line.If the SSL or TLS encryption is activated, data you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties.Information about, blockage, rectification and eradication of dataWithin the scope of the applicable statutory provisions, you have the right to at any time demand information about your archived personal data, their source and recipients as well as the purpose of the processing of your data. You may also have a right to have your data rectified, blocked or eradicated. If you have questions about this subject matter or any other questions about personal data, please do not hesitate to contact us at any time at the address provided in section Imprint.Right to demand processing restrictionsYou have the right to demand the imposition of restrictions as far as the processing of your personal data is concerned. To do so, you may contact us at any time at the address provided in section Imprint. The right to demand restriction of processing applies in the following cases:In the event that you should dispute the correctness of your data archived by us, we will usually need some time to verify this claim. During the time that this investigation is ongoing, you have the right to demand that we restrict the processing of your personal data.If the processing of your personal data was/is conducted in an unlawful manner, you have the option to demand the restriction of the processing of your data in lieu of demanding the eradication of this data.If we do not need your personal data any longer and you need it to exercise, defend or claim legal entitlements, you have the right to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data instead of its eradication.If you have raised an objection pursuant to Art. 21 Sect. 1 GDPR, your rights and our rights will have to be weighed against each other. As long as it has not been determined whose interests prevail, you have the right to demand a restriction of the processing of your personal data.If you have restricted the processing of your personal data, these data  with the exception of their archiving  may be processed only subject to your consent or to claim, exercise or defend legal entitlements or to protect the rights of other natural persons or legal entities or for important public interest reasons cited by the European Union or a member state of the EU.Rejection of unsolicited emailsWe herewith object to the use of contact information published in conjunction with the mandatory information to be provided in section Imprint to send us promotional and information material that we have not expressly requested. The operators of this website and its pages reserve the express right to take legal action in the event of the unsolicited sending of promotional information, for instance via SPAM messages.3. Recording of data on our websiteCookiesIn some instances, our website and its pages use so-called cookies. Cookies do not cause any damage to your computer and do not contain viruses. The purpose of cookies is to make our website more user friendly, effective and more secure. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer and stored by your browser.Most of the cookies we use are so-called session cookies. They are automatically deleted after your leave our site. Other cookies will remain archived on your device until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognize your browser the next time you visit our website.You can adjust the settings of your browser to make sure that you are notified every time cookies are placed and to enable you to accept cookies only in specific cases or to exclude the acceptance of cookies for specific situations or in general and to activate the automatic deletion of cookies when you close your browser. If you deactivate cookies, the functions of this website may be limited.Cookies that are required for the performance of the electronic communications transaction or to provide certain functions you want to use (e.g. a shopping cart function), are stored on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in storing cookies to ensure the technically error free and optimized provision of the operators services. If other cookies (e.g. cookies for the analysis of your browsing patterns) should be stored, they are addressed separately in this Data Protection Declaration.Server log filesThe provider of this website and its pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser communicates to us automatically. The information comprises:The type and version of browser usedThe used operating systemReferrer URLThe hostname of the accessing computerThe time of the server inquiryThe IP addressThis data is not merged with other data sources.This data is recorded on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The operator of the website has a legitimate interest in the technically error free depiction and the optimization of the operators website. In order to achieve this, server log files must be recorded.Contact formIf you submit inquiries to us via our contact form, the information provided in the contact form as well as any contact information provided therein will be stored by us in order to handle your inquiry and in the event that we have further questions. We will not share this information without your consent.Hence, the processing of the data entered into the contact form occurs exclusively based on your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). You have the right to revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. To do so, all you are required to do is sent us an informal notification via email. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation.The information you have entered into the contact form shall remain with us until you ask us to eradicate the data, revoke your consent to the archiving of data or if the purpose for which the information is being archived no longer exists (e.g. after we have concluded our response to your inquiry). This shall be without prejudice to any mandatory legal provisions  in particular retention periods.Request by email, telephone or faxIf you contact us by email, telephone or fax, your request, including all resulting personal data (name, request) will be stored and processed by us for the purpose of processing your request. We do not pass these data on without your consent.The processing of these data is based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR, if your request is related to the execution of a contract or if it is necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures. In all other cases, the processing is based on your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 a GDPR) and/or on our legitimate interests (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR), since we have a legitimate interest in the effective processing of requests addressed to us.The data sent by you to us via contact requests remain with us until you request us to delete, revoke your consent to the storage or the purpose for the data storage lapses (e.g. after completion of your request). Mandatory statutory provisions  in particular statutory retention periods  remain unaffected.Registration on this websiteYou have the option to register on our website to be able to use additional website functions. We shall use the data you enter only for the purpose of using the respective offer or service you have registered for. The required information we request at the time of registration must be entered in full. Otherwise we shall reject the registration.To notify you of any important changes to the scope of our portfolio or in the event of technical modifications, we shall use the email address provided during the registration process.We shall process the data entered during the registration process on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). You have the right to revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. To do so, all you are required to do is sent us an informal notification via email. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation.The data recorded during the registration process shall be stored by us as long as you are registered on our website. Subsequently, such data shall be deleted. This shall be without prejudice to mandatory statutory retention obligations.4. Analysis tools and advertisingGoogle AnalyticsParts of this website use functions of the web analysis service Google Analytics. The provider of this service is Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.Google Analytics uses so-called cookies. Cookies are text files, which are stored on your computer and that enable an analysis of the use of the website by users. The information generated by cookies on your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the United States, where it is stored.The storage of Google Analytics cookies and the utilization of this analysis tool are based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The operator of this website has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user patterns to optimize both, the services offered online and the operators advertising activities.IP anonymizationOn this website, we have activated the IP anonymization function. As a result, your IP address will be abbreviated by Google within the member states of the European Union or in other states that have ratified the Convention on the European Economic Area prior to its transmission to the United States. The full IP address will be transmitted to one of Googles servers in the United States and abbreviated there only in exceptional cases. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google shall use this information to analyze your use of this website to generate reports on website activities and to render other services to the operator of this website that are related to the use of the website and the Internet. The IP address transmitted in conjunction with Google Analytics from your browser shall not be merged with other data in Googles possession.Browser plug-inYou do have the option to prevent the archiving of cookies by making pertinent changes to the settings of your browser software. However, we have to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all of the functions of this website to their fullest extent. Moreover, you have the option prevent the recording of the data generated by the cookie and affiliated with your use of the website (including your IP address) by Google as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link:https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.Objection to the recording of dataYou have the option to prevent the recording of your data by Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. This will result in the placement of an opt out cookie, which prevents the recording of your data during future visits to this website:Google Analytics deactivation.For more information about the handling of user data by Google Analytics, please consult Googles Data Privacy Declaration at:https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en.Contract data processingWe have executed a contract data processing agreement with Google and are implementing the stringent provisions of the German data protection agencies to the fullest when using Google Analytics.Demographic parameters provided by Google AnalyticsThis website uses the function demographic parameters provided by Google Analytics. It makes it possible to generate reports providing information on the age, gender and interests of website visitors. The sources of this information are interest-related advertising by Google as well as visitor data obtained from third party providers. This data cannot be allocated to a specific individual. You have the option to deactivate this function at any time by making pertinent settings changes for advertising in your Google account or you can generally prohibit the recording of your data by Google Analytics as explained in section Objection to the recording of data.Archiving periodData on the user or incident level stored by Google linked to cookies, user IDs or advertising IDs (e.g. DoubleClick cookies, Android advertising ID) will be anonymized or deleted after 14 months. For details please click the following link:https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/7667196?hl=enGoogle Analytics RemarketingParts of this website use the functions of Google Analytics Remarketing in combination with the functions of Google Ads and Google DoubleClick, which work on all devices. The provider of these solutions is Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.This function makes it possible to connect the advertising target groups generated with Google Analytics Remarketing with the functions of Google Ads and Google DoubleClick, which work on all devices. This makes it possible to display interest-based customized advertising messages, depending on your prior usage and browsing patterns on a device (e.g. cell phone) in a manner tailored to you as well as on any of your devices (e.g. tablet or PC).If you have given us pertinent consent, Google will connect your web and app browser progressions with your Google account for this purpose. As a result, it is possible to display the same personalized advertising messages on every device you log into with your Google account.To support this function, Google Analytics records Google authenticated IDs of users that are temporarily connected with our Google Analytics data to define and compile the target groups for the ads to be displayed on all devices.You have the option to permanently object to remarketing/targeting across all devices by deactivating personalized advertising. To do this, please follow this link:https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/.The consolidation of the recorded data in your Google account shall occur exclusively based on your consent, which you may give to Google and also revoke there (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). Data recording processes that are not consolidated in your Google account (for instance because you do not have a Google account or have objected to the consolidation of data), the recording of data is based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The legitimate interest arises from the fact that the operator of the website has a legitimate interest in the anonymized analysis of website visitor for advertising purposes.For further information and the pertinent data protection regulations, please consult the Data Privacy Policies of Google at:https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads?hl=en.Google Ads and Google Conversion TrackingParts of this website use Google Ads. Ads is an online promotional program of Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.In conjunction with Google Ads, we use a tool called Conversion Tracking. If you click on an ad posted by Google, a cookie for Conversion Tracking purposes will be placed. Cookies are small text files the web browser places on the users computer. These cookies expire after 30 days and are not used to personally identify users. If the user visits certain pages of this website and the cookie has not yet expired, Google and we will be able to recognize that the user has clicked on an ad and has been linked to this page.A different cookie is allocated to every Google Ads customer. These cookies cannot be tracked via websites of Ads customers. The information obtained with the assistance of the Conversion cookie is used to generate Conversion statistics for Ads customers who have opted to use Conversion Tracking. The users receive the total number of users that have clicked on their ads and have been linked to a page equipped with a Conversion Tracking tag. However, they do not receive any information that would allow them to personally identify these users. If you do not want to participate in tracking, you have the option to object to this use by easily deactivating the Google Conversion Tracking cookie via your web browser under user settings. If you do this, you will not be included in the Conversion Tracking statistics.The storage of Conversion cookies and the use of this tracking tool are based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user patterns, in order to optimize the operators web offerings and advertising.To review more detailed information about Google Ads and Google Conversion Tracking, please consult the Data Privacy Policies of Google at:https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.You can set up your browser in such a manner that you will be notified anytime cookies are placed and you can permit cookies only in certain cases or exclude the acceptance of cookies in certain instances or in general and you can also activate the automatic deletion of cookies upon closing of the browser. If you deactivate cookies, the functions of this website may be limited.Hubspot Inc.Parts of this website use the services of Hubspot Inc. (Hubspot) to: (a) collect statistical information about the use of the website and improve it accordingly, (b) provide downloads of white papers, e-books, and similar materials; and (c) operate email marketing. Hubspot is registered at Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141, USA.The legal basis for using Hubspots services is our legitimate interest in optimizing our marketing activities and the service quality of our website.Hubspot is in possession of a certification that is in compliance with the EU-US-Data Privacy Framework. The Data Privacy Framework is a self-certification program between the European Union (EU) and the United States of America (USA) that aims to warrant the compliance with European data protection standards in the United States.Processing of personal data as part of the registration processIf you register for a download or a webinar, you consent to the processing of your personal data and to the collection, processing and use of your personal data by ownCloud for the purposes described herein. If the registration form specifies forwarding to a partner company of ownCloud, you consent to the transfer of your data to the partner company specified therein. You also agree that the mandatory and voluntary information collected during registration, as well as the web analysis data of your visits to the ownCloud website, may be stored as a profile as well as evaluated and used for advertising purposes. This consent may be revoked at any time with effect for the future.CookiesHubspot uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Hubspot on servers operated by Hubspot. On behalf of the operator of this website, Hubspot will use this information for the purpose of evaluating the use of the website and compiling reports on website activity.For more details, please consult the Privacy Policy of Hubspot at: https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy. We have entered into a data processing agreement with Hubspot, in which we mandate that Hubspot undertake to protect the data of OwnClouds website visitors and to refrain from sharing it with third parties.5. Newsletter and email marketingNewsletter dataIf you would like to subscribe to the newsletter offered on this website, we will need from you an email address as well as information that allow us to verify that you are the owner of the email address provided and consent to the receipt of the newsletter. No further data shall be collected or shall be collected only on a voluntary basis. We shall use such data only for the sending of the requested information and shall not share such data with any third parties.The processing of the information entered into the newsletter subscription form shall occur exclusively on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). You may revoke the consent you have given to the archiving of data, the email address and the use of this information for the sending of the newsletter at any time, for instance by clicking on the Unsubscribe link in the newsletter. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data processing transactions that have taken place to date.The data you archive with us for the purpose of the newsletter subscription shall be archived by us until you unsubscribe from the newsletter. Once you cancel your subscription to the newsletter, the data shall be deleted. This shall not affect data we have been archiving for other purposes.Hubspot Inc.ownCloud uses the services of Hubspot to send out its newsletters as well as emails for marketing purposes and to inform its customers and partners about product updates, services, etc. The provider is Hubspot Inc registered at Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141, USA.Among other things, Hubspot is a service that can be deployed to organize and analyze the sending of newsletters and marketing emails. Whenever you enter data for the purpose of subscribing to a newsletter (e.g. your email address), the information is stored on Hubspot servers in the United States.Hubspot complies with the EU-US-Data Privacy Framework. The Data Privacy Framework is a self-certification program between the European Union (EU) and the United States of America (USA) that aims to warrant the compliance with European data protection standards in the United StatesWith the assistance of the Hubspot tool, we can analyze the performance of our newsletter and email campaigns. If you open an email that has been sent through the Hubspot tool, a file that has been integrated into the email (a so-called web-beacon) connects to Hubspots servers in the United States. As a result, it can be determined whether a newsletter message has been opened and which links the recipient possibly clicked on. Tracking email openings is not possible if you have disabled image display by default in your email program. Technical information is also recorded at that time (e.g. the time of access). The sole purpose of this information is the performance of statistical analyses of newsletter and email campaigns. The results of such analyses can be used to tailor future newsletters to the interests of their recipients more effectively.If you do not want to permit an analysis by Hubspot, you must unsubscribe from the newsletter or marketing emails. We provide a link for you to do this in every email message.The data is processed based on your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR), which you may revoke at any time by unsubscribing from the newsletter or marketing emails. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data processing transactions that have taken place prior to your revocation.The data you archive with us for the purpose of the email subscription shall be archived by us until you unsubscribe from the newsletter or marketing emails. Once you cancel your subscription to the newsletter or marketing emails, the data shall be deleted from our servers as well as those of Hubspot. This shall not affect data we have been archiving for other purposes.For more details, please consult the Privacy Policy of Hubspot at:https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy. We have entered into a data processing agreement with Hubspot, in which we mandate that Hubspot undertake to protect the data of OwnClouds website visitors and to refrain from sharing it with third parties.6. Plug-ins and ToolsYouTubeOur website uses plug-ins of the YouTube platform, which is operated by Google. The website operator is Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.If you visit a page on our website into which a YouTube plug-in has been integrated, a connection with YouTubes servers will be established. As a result, the YouTube server will be notified, which of our pages you have visited.Furthermore, YouTube will be able to place various cookies on your device. With the assistance of these cookies, YouTube will be able to obtain information about our website visitor. Among other things, this information will be used to generate video statistics with the aim of improving the user friendliness of the site and to prevent attempts to commit fraud. These cookies will stay on your device until you delete them.If you are logged into your YouTube account while you visit our site, you enable YouTube to directly allocate your browsing patterns to your personal profile. You have the option to prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.The use of YouTube is based on our interest in presenting our online content in an appealing manner. Pursuant to Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR, this is a legitimate interest.For more information on how YouTube handles user data, please consult the YouTube Data Privacy Policy under:https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.7. Custom ServicesJob ApplicationsWe offer website visitors the opportunity to submit job applications to us (e.g. via email, via postal services on by submitting the online job application form). Below, we will brief you on the scope, purpose and use of the personal data collected from you in conjunction with the application process. We assure you that the collection, processing and use of your data will occur in compliance with the applicable data privacy rights and all other statutory provisions and that your data will always be treated as strictly confidential.Scope and purpose of the collection of dataIf you submit a job application to us, we will process any affiliated personal data (e.g. contact and communications data, application documents, notes taken during job interviews, etc.), if they are required to make a decision concerning the establishment or an employment relationship. The legal grounds for the aforementioned are  26 Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG-neu) according to German Law (Negotiation of an Employment Relationship), Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR (General Contract Negotiations) and  provided you have given us your consent  Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR. You may revoke any consent given at any time. Within our company, your personal data will only be shared with individuals who are involved in the processing of your job application.If your job application should result in your recruitment, the data you have submitted will be archived on the grounds of  26 Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG-neu) and Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR for the purpose of implementing the employment relationship in our data processing system.Data Archiving PeriodIf we should not be able to offer you a position, if you refuse a job offer, retract your application, revoke your consent to the processing of your data or ask us to delete your data, we will store your transferred data, incl. any physically submitted application documents for a maximum of 6 months after the conclusion of the application process (retention period) to enable us to track the details of the application process in the event of disparities (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR).YOU HAVE THE OPTION TO OBJECT TO THIS STORAGE/RETENTION OF YOUR DATA IF YOU HAVE LEGITIMATE INTERESTS TO DO SO THAT OUTWEIGH OUR INTERESTS.Once the retention period has expired, the data will be deleted, unless we are subject to any other statutory retention obligations or if any other legal grounds exist to continue to store the data. If it should be foreseeable that the retention of your data will be necessary after the retention period has expired (e.g. due to imminent or pending litigation), the data shall not be deleted until the data have become irrelevant. This shall be without prejudice to any other statutory retention periods.8. Our social media appearancesData processing through social networksWe maintain publicly available profiles in social networks. The individual social networks we use can be found below.Social networks such as Facebook, LinkedIn etc. can generally analyze your user behavior comprehensively if you visit their website or a website with integrated social media content (e.g. like buttons or banner ads). When you visit our social media pages, numerous data protection-relevant processing operations are triggered. In detail:If you are logged in to your social media account and visit our social media page, the operator of the social media portal can assign this visit to your user account. Under certain circumstances, your personal data may also be recorded if you are not logged in or do not have an account with the respective social media portal. In this case, this data is collected, for example, via cookies stored on your device or by recording your IP address.Using the data collected in this way, the operators of the social media portals can create user profiles in which their preferences and interests are stored. This way you can see interest-based advertising inside and outside of your social media presence. If you have an account with the social network, interest-based advertising can be displayed on any device you are logged in to or have logged in to.Please also note that we cannot retrace all processing operations on the social media portals. Depending on the provider, additional processing operations may therefore be carried out by the operators of the social media portals. Details can be found in the terms of use and privacy policy of the respective social media portals.Legal basisOur social media appearances should ensure the widest possible presence on the Internet. This is a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The analysis processes initiated by the social networks may be based on divergent legal bases to be specified by the operators of the social networks (e.g. consent within the meaning of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR).Responsibility and assertion of rightsIf you visit one of our social media sites (e.g., Facebook), we, together with the operator of the social media platform, are responsible for the data processing operations triggered during this visit. You can in principle protect your rights (information, correction, deletion, limitation of processing, data portability and complaint) vis-à-vis us as well as vis-à-vis the operator of the respective social media portal (e.g. Facebook).Please note that despite the shared responsibility with the social media portal operators, we do not have full influence on the data processing operations of the social media portals. Our options are determined by the company policy of the respective provider.Storage timeThe data collected directly from us via the social media presence will be deleted from our systems as soon as the purpose for their storage lapses, you ask us to delete it, you revoke your consent to the storage or the purpose for the data storage lapses. Stored cookies remain on your device until you delete them. Mandatory statutory provisions  in particular, retention periods  remain unaffected.We have no control over the storage duration of your data that are stored by the social network operators for their own purposes. For details, please contact the social network operators directly (e.g. in their privacy policy, see below).Individual social networksFacebookWe have a profile on Facebook. The provider is Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA. Facebook is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield.We have signed a joint processing agreement (Controller Addendum) with Facebook. This agreement specifies which data processing operations we or Facebook are responsible for when you visit our Facebook page. You can view this agreement at the following link:https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendumYou can customize your advertising settings independently in your user account. Click on the following link and log in:https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=adsDetails can be found in the Facebook privacy policy:https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/TwitterWe use the short message service Twitter. The provider is Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States. Twitter is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield.You can customize your Twitter privacy settings in your user account. Click on the following link and log in:https://twitter.com/personalizationFor details, see the Twitter Privacy Policy:https://twitter.com/privacyXINGWe have a profile on XING. The provider is XING AG, Dammtorstraße 29-32, 20354 Hamburg, Germany. Details on their handling of your personal data can be found in the XING Privacy Policy:https://privacy.xing.com/de/datenschutzerklaerung.LinkedInWe have a LinkedIn profile. The provider is the LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Plaza, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland. LinkedIn is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield. LinkedIn uses advertising cookies.If you want to disable LinkedIn advertising cookies, please use the following link:https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out.For details on how they handle your personal information, please refer to LinkedIns privacy policy:https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy.9. Android App Privacy PolicyAboutownCloud GmbH provides the ownCloud Android app.This page is used to inform users regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.The app does not collect your personal information. All actions happen between the app and the respective ownCloud server or servers a user chooses to connect to. No sensitive data is handled inside this app.Data Collection and UseThe app does not use third party services that collect data used to identify users beyond those that the marketplace providers mandate, e.g. the Google Play Services for Android Apps purchased through the Google Play Store. Learn more about Privacy and the Google Play Services athttps://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.Log DataWe want to inform you that whenever you use our app, in case of an error we*dont*collect data and information by default. Rather, users can choose to switch on logging in the app settings and then can manually send those logs manually to us, if they so choose. Logs encompass technical information that is important to understand and fix the error or problem. No sensitive and personal information is enclosed in the logs. The user name and server name as well as the display name may appear. Any other authentication information is redacted. Logs are*never*shared with 3rd-party-apps.SecurityWe value your trust in using ownCloud Apps to handle your personal data, thus we are striving to protect it using state-of-the-art security measures. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.Changes to This Privacy PolicyWe may update our Privacy Policy occasionally. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.This policy is effective as of 2021-10-01.Contact UsIf you have any questions about our Android App Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at. 1. An overview of data protectionGeneral informationThe following information will provide you with an easy to navigate overview of what will happen with your personal data when you visit our website. The term personal data comprises all data that can be used to personally identify you. For detailed information about the subject matter of data protection, please consult our Data Protection Declaration, which we have included beneath this copy.Data recording on our websiteWho is the responsible party for the recording of data on this website (i.e. the controller)?The data on this website is processed by the operator of the website, whose contact information is available under section Imprint on this website.How do we record your data?We collect your data as a result of your sharing of your data with us. This may, for instance be information you enter into our contact form.Our IT systems automatically record other data when you visit our website. This data comprises primarily technical information (e.g. web browser, operating system or time the site was accessed). This information is recorded automatically when you access our website.What are the purposes we use your data for?A portion of the information is generated to guarantee the error free provision of the website. Other data may be used to analyze your user patterns.What rights do you have as far as your information is concerned?You have the right to receive information about the source, recipients and purposes of your archived personal data at any time without having to pay a fee for such disclosures. You also have the right to demand that your data are rectified, blocked or eradicated. Please do not hesitate to contact us at any time under the address disclosed in section Imprint on this website if you have questions about this or any other data protection related issues. You also have the right to log a complaint with the competent supervising agency.Moreover, under certain circumstances, you have the right to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data. For details, please consult the Data Protection Declaration under section Right to Restriction of Data Processing.Analysis tools and tools provided by third partiesThere is a possibility that your browsing patterns will be statistically analyzed when your visit our website. Such analyses are performed primarily with cookies and with what we refer to as analysis programs. As a rule, the analyses of your browsing patterns are conducted anonymously; i.e. the browsing patterns cannot be traced back to you.You have the option to object to such analyses or you can prevent their performance by not using certain tools. For detailed information about the tools and about your options to object, please consult our Data Protection Declaration below.2. General information and mandatory informationData protectionThe operators of this website and its pages take the protection of your personal data very seriously. Hence, we handle your personal data as confidential information and in compliance with the statutory data protection regulations and this Data Protection Declaration.Whenever you use this website, a variety of personal information will be collected. Personal data comprises data that can be used to personally identify you. This Data Protection Declaration explains which data we collect as well as the purposes we use this data for. It also explains how, and for which purpose the information is collected.We herewith advise you that the transmission of data via the Internet (i.e. through email communications) may be prone to security gaps. It is not always possible to completely protect data against third party access.Information about the responsible party (referred to as the controller in the GDPR)The data processing controller on this website is:ownCloud GmbHRathsbergstr. 1790411 NürnbergGermanyPhone: +49 911 14888690Email: hello[at]owncloud[dot]comThe controller is the natural person or legal entity that single-handedly or jointly with others makes decisions as to the purposes of and resources for the processing of personal data (e.g. names, email addresses, etc.).Revocation of your consent to the processing of dataA wide range of data processing transactions are possible only subject to your express consent. You can also revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. To do so, all you are required to do is sent us an informal notification via email. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation.Right to object to the collection of data in special cases; right to object to direct advertising (Art. 21 GDPR)In the event that data are processed on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. e or f GDPR, you have the right to at any time object to the processing of your personal data based on grounds arising from your unique situation. This also applies to any profiling based on these provisions. To determine the legal basis, on which any processing of data is based, please consult this Data Protection Declaration. If you log an objection, we will no longer process your affected personal data, unless we are in a position to present compelling protection worthy grounds for the processing of your data, that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms or if the purpose of the processing is the claiming, exercising or defense of legal entitlements (objection pursuant to Art. 21 Sect. 1 GDPR).If your personal data is being processed in order to engage in direct advertising, you have the right to at any time object to the processing of your affected personal data for the purposes of such advertising. This also applies to profiling to the extent that it is affiliated with such direct advertising. If you object, your personal data will subsequently no longer be used for direct advertising purposes (objection pursuant to Art. 21 Sect. 2 GDPR).Right to log a complaint with the competent supervisory agencyIn the event of violations of the GDPR, data subjects are entitled to log a complaint with a supervisory agency, in particular in the member state where they usually maintain their domicile, place of work or at the place where the alleged violation occurred. The right to log a complaint is in effect regardless of any other administrative or court proceedings available as legal recourses.Right to data portabilityYou have the right to demand that we hand over any data we automatically process on the basis of your consent or in order to fulfil a contract be handed over to you or a third party in a commonly used, machine readable format. If you should demand the direct transfer of the data to another controller, this will be done only if it is technically feasible.SSL and/or TLS encryptionFor security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as purchase orders or inquiries you submit to us as the website operator, this website uses either an SSL or a TLS encryption program. You can recognize an encrypted connection by checking whether the address line of the browser switches from http:// to https:// and also by the appearance of the lock icon in the browser line.If the SSL or TLS encryption is activated, data you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties.Information about, blockage, rectification and eradication of dataWithin the scope of the applicable statutory provisions, you have the right to at any time demand information about your archived personal data, their source and recipients as well as the purpose of the processing of your data. You may also have a right to have your data rectified, blocked or eradicated. If you have questions about this subject matter or any other questions about personal data, please do not hesitate to contact us at any time at the address provided in section Imprint.Right to demand processing restrictionsYou have the right to demand the imposition of restrictions as far as the processing of your personal data is concerned. To do so, you may contact us at any time at the address provided in section Imprint. The right to demand restriction of processing applies in the following cases:In the event that you should dispute the correctness of your data archived by us, we will usually need some time to verify this claim. During the time that this investigation is ongoing, you have the right to demand that we restrict the processing of your personal data.If the processing of your personal data was/is conducted in an unlawful manner, you have the option to demand the restriction of the processing of your data in lieu of demanding the eradication of this data.If we do not need your personal data any longer and you need it to exercise, defend or claim legal entitlements, you have the right to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data instead of its eradication.If you have raised an objection pursuant to Art. 21 Sect. 1 GDPR, your rights and our rights will have to be weighed against each other. As long as it has not been determined whose interests prevail, you have the right to demand a restriction of the processing of your personal data.If you have restricted the processing of your personal data, these data  with the exception of their archiving  may be processed only subject to your consent or to claim, exercise or defend legal entitlements or to protect the rights of other natural persons or legal entities or for important public interest reasons cited by the European Union or a member state of the EU.Rejection of unsolicited emailsWe herewith object to the use of contact information published in conjunction with the mandatory information to be provided in section Imprint to send us promotional and information material that we have not expressly requested. The operators of this website and its pages reserve the express right to take legal action in the event of the unsolicited sending of promotional information, for instance via SPAM messages.3. Recording of data on our websiteCookiesIn some instances, our website and its pages use so-called cookies. Cookies do not cause any damage to your computer and do not contain viruses. The purpose of cookies is to make our website more user friendly, effective and more secure. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer and stored by your browser.Most of the cookies we use are so-called session cookies. They are automatically deleted after your leave our site. Other cookies will remain archived on your device until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognize your browser the next time you visit our website.You can adjust the settings of your browser to make sure that you are notified every time cookies are placed and to enable you to accept cookies only in specific cases or to exclude the acceptance of cookies for specific situations or in general and to activate the automatic deletion of cookies when you close your browser. If you deactivate cookies, the functions of this website may be limited.Cookies that are required for the performance of the electronic communications transaction or to provide certain functions you want to use (e.g. a shopping cart function), are stored on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in storing cookies to ensure the technically error free and optimized provision of the operators services. If other cookies (e.g. cookies for the analysis of your browsing patterns) should be stored, they are addressed separately in this Data Protection Declaration.Server log filesThe provider of this website and its pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser communicates to us automatically. The information comprises:The type and version of browser usedThe used operating systemReferrer URLThe hostname of the accessing computerThe time of the server inquiryThe IP addressThis data is not merged with other data sources.This data is recorded on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The operator of the website has a legitimate interest in the technically error free depiction and the optimization of the operators website. In order to achieve this, server log files must be recorded.Contact formIf you submit inquiries to us via our contact form, the information provided in the contact form as well as any contact information provided therein will be stored by us in order to handle your inquiry and in the event that we have further questions. We will not share this information without your consent.Hence, the processing of the data entered into the contact form occurs exclusively based on your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). You have the right to revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. To do so, all you are required to do is sent us an informal notification via email. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation.The information you have entered into the contact form shall remain with us until you ask us to eradicate the data, revoke your consent to the archiving of data or if the purpose for which the information is being archived no longer exists (e.g. after we have concluded our response to your inquiry). This shall be without prejudice to any mandatory legal provisions  in particular retention periods.Request by email, telephone or faxIf you contact us by email, telephone or fax, your request, including all resulting personal data (name, request) will be stored and processed by us for the purpose of processing your request. We do not pass these data on without your consent.The processing of these data is based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR, if your request is related to the execution of a contract or if it is necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures. In all other cases, the processing is based on your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 a GDPR) and/or on our legitimate interests (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR), since we have a legitimate interest in the effective processing of requests addressed to us.The data sent by you to us via contact requests remain with us until you request us to delete, revoke your consent to the storage or the purpose for the data storage lapses (e.g. after completion of your request). Mandatory statutory provisions  in particular statutory retention periods  remain unaffected.Registration on this websiteYou have the option to register on our website to be able to use additional website functions. We shall use the data you enter only for the purpose of using the respective offer or service you have registered for. The required information we request at the time of registration must be entered in full. Otherwise we shall reject the registration.To notify you of any important changes to the scope of our portfolio or in the event of technical modifications, we shall use the email address provided during the registration process.We shall process the data entered during the registration process on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). You have the right to revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. To do so, all you are required to do is sent us an informal notification via email. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation.The data recorded during the registration process shall be stored by us as long as you are registered on our website. Subsequently, such data shall be deleted. This shall be without prejudice to mandatory statutory retention obligations.4. Analysis tools and advertisingGoogle AnalyticsParts of this website use functions of the web analysis service Google Analytics. The provider of this service is Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.Google Analytics uses so-called cookies. Cookies are text files, which are stored on your computer and that enable an analysis of the use of the website by users. The information generated by cookies on your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the United States, where it is stored.The storage of Google Analytics cookies and the utilization of this analysis tool are based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The operator of this website has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user patterns to optimize both, the services offered online and the operators advertising activities.IP anonymizationOn this website, we have activated the IP anonymization function. As a result, your IP address will be abbreviated by Google within the member states of the European Union or in other states that have ratified the Convention on the European Economic Area prior to its transmission to the United States. The full IP address will be transmitted to one of Googles servers in the United States and abbreviated there only in exceptional cases. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google shall use this information to analyze your use of this website to generate reports on website activities and to render other services to the operator of this website that are related to the use of the website and the Internet. The IP address transmitted in conjunction with Google Analytics from your browser shall not be merged with other data in Googles possession.Browser plug-inYou do have the option to prevent the archiving of cookies by making pertinent changes to the settings of your browser software. However, we have to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all of the functions of this website to their fullest extent. Moreover, you have the option prevent the recording of the data generated by the cookie and affiliated with your use of the website (including your IP address) by Google as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link:https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.Objection to the recording of dataYou have the option to prevent the recording of your data by Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. This will result in the placement of an opt out cookie, which prevents the recording of your data during future visits to this website:Google Analytics deactivation.For more information about the handling of user data by Google Analytics, please consult Googles Data Privacy Declaration at:https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en.Contract data processingWe have executed a contract data processing agreement with Google and are implementing the stringent provisions of the German data protection agencies to the fullest when using Google Analytics.Demographic parameters provided by Google AnalyticsThis website uses the function demographic parameters provided by Google Analytics. It makes it possible to generate reports providing information on the age, gender and interests of website visitors. The sources of this information are interest-related advertising by Google as well as visitor data obtained from third party providers. This data cannot be allocated to a specific individual. You have the option to deactivate this function at any time by making pertinent settings changes for advertising in your Google account or you can generally prohibit the recording of your data by Google Analytics as explained in section Objection to the recording of data.Archiving periodData on the user or incident level stored by Google linked to cookies, user IDs or advertising IDs (e.g. DoubleClick cookies, Android advertising ID) will be anonymized or deleted after 14 months. For details please click the following link:https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/7667196?hl=enGoogle Analytics RemarketingParts of this website use the functions of Google Analytics Remarketing in combination with the functions of Google Ads and Google DoubleClick, which work on all devices. The provider of these solutions is Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.This function makes it possible to connect the advertising target groups generated with Google Analytics Remarketing with the functions of Google Ads and Google DoubleClick, which work on all devices. This makes it possible to display interest-based customized advertising messages, depending on your prior usage and browsing patterns on a device (e.g. cell phone) in a manner tailored to you as well as on any of your devices (e.g. tablet or PC).If you have given us pertinent consent, Google will connect your web and app browser progressions with your Google account for this purpose. As a result, it is possible to display the same personalized advertising messages on every device you log into with your Google account.To support this function, Google Analytics records Google authenticated IDs of users that are temporarily connected with our Google Analytics data to define and compile the target groups for the ads to be displayed on all devices.You have the option to permanently object to remarketing/targeting across all devices by deactivating personalized advertising. To do this, please follow this link:https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/.The consolidation of the recorded data in your Google account shall occur exclusively based on your consent, which you may give to Google and also revoke there (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). Data recording processes that are not consolidated in your Google account (for instance because you do not have a Google account or have objected to the consolidation of data), the recording of data is based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The legitimate interest arises from the fact that the operator of the website has a legitimate interest in the anonymized analysis of website visitor for advertising purposes.For further information and the pertinent data protection regulations, please consult the Data Privacy Policies of Google at:https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads?hl=en.Google Ads and Google Conversion TrackingParts of this website use Google Ads. Ads is an online promotional program of Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.In conjunction with Google Ads, we use a tool called Conversion Tracking. If you click on an ad posted by Google, a cookie for Conversion Tracking purposes will be placed. Cookies are small text files the web browser places on the users computer. These cookies expire after 30 days and are not used to personally identify users. If the user visits certain pages of this website and the cookie has not yet expired, Google and we will be able to recognize that the user has clicked on an ad and has been linked to this page.A different cookie is allocated to every Google Ads customer. These cookies cannot be tracked via websites of Ads customers. The information obtained with the assistance of the Conversion cookie is used to generate Conversion statistics for Ads customers who have opted to use Conversion Tracking. The users receive the total number of users that have clicked on their ads and have been linked to a page equipped with a Conversion Tracking tag. However, they do not receive any information that would allow them to personally identify these users. If you do not want to participate in tracking, you have the option to object to this use by easily deactivating the Google Conversion Tracking cookie via your web browser under user settings. If you do this, you will not be included in the Conversion Tracking statistics.The storage of Conversion cookies and the use of this tracking tool are based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user patterns, in order to optimize the operators web offerings and advertising.To review more detailed information about Google Ads and Google Conversion Tracking, please consult the Data Privacy Policies of Google at:https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.You can set up your browser in such a manner that you will be notified anytime cookies are placed and you can permit cookies only in certain cases or exclude the acceptance of cookies in certain instances or in general and you can also activate the automatic deletion of cookies upon closing of the browser. If you deactivate cookies, the functions of this website may be limited.Hubspot Inc.Parts of this website use the services of Hubspot Inc. (Hubspot) to: (a) collect statistical information about the use of the website and improve it accordingly, (b) provide downloads of white papers, e-books, and similar materials; and (c) operate email marketing. Hubspot is registered at Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141, USA.The legal basis for using Hubspots services is our legitimate interest in optimizing our marketing activities and the service quality of our website.Hubspot is in possession of a certification that is in compliance with the EU-US-Data Privacy Framework. The Data Privacy Framework is a self-certification program between the European Union (EU) and the United States of America (USA) that aims to warrant the compliance with European data protection standards in the United States.Processing of personal data as part of the registration processIf you register for a download or a webinar, you consent to the processing of your personal data and to the collection, processing and use of your personal data by ownCloud for the purposes described herein. If the registration form specifies forwarding to a partner company of ownCloud, you consent to the transfer of your data to the partner company specified therein. You also agree that the mandatory and voluntary information collected during registration, as well as the web analysis data of your visits to the ownCloud website, may be stored as a profile as well as evaluated and used for advertising purposes. This consent may be revoked at any time with effect for the future.CookiesHubspot uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Hubspot on servers operated by Hubspot. On behalf of the operator of this website, Hubspot will use this information for the purpose of evaluating the use of the website and compiling reports on website activity.For more details, please consult the Privacy Policy of Hubspot at: https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy. We have entered into a data processing agreement with Hubspot, in which we mandate that Hubspot undertake to protect the data of OwnClouds website visitors and to refrain from sharing it with third parties.5. Newsletter and email marketingNewsletter dataIf you would like to subscribe to the newsletter offered on this website, we will need from you an email address as well as information that allow us to verify that you are the owner of the email address provided and consent to the receipt of the newsletter. No further data shall be collected or shall be collected only on a voluntary basis. We shall use such data only for the sending of the requested information and shall not share such data with any third parties.The processing of the information entered into the newsletter subscription form shall occur exclusively on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). You may revoke the consent you have given to the archiving of data, the email address and the use of this information for the sending of the newsletter at any time, for instance by clicking on the Unsubscribe link in the newsletter. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data processing transactions that have taken place to date.The data you archive with us for the purpose of the newsletter subscription shall be archived by us until you unsubscribe from the newsletter. Once you cancel your subscription to the newsletter, the data shall be deleted. This shall not affect data we have been archiving for other purposes.Hubspot Inc.ownCloud uses the services of Hubspot to send out its newsletters as well as emails for marketing purposes and to inform its customers and partners about product updates, services, etc. The provider is Hubspot Inc registered at Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141, USA.Among other things, Hubspot is a service that can be deployed to organize and analyze the sending of newsletters and marketing emails. Whenever you enter data for the purpose of subscribing to a newsletter (e.g. your email address), the information is stored on Hubspot servers in the United States.Hubspot complies with the EU-US-Data Privacy Framework. The Data Privacy Framework is a self-certification program between the European Union (EU) and the United States of America (USA) that aims to warrant the compliance with European data protection standards in the United StatesWith the assistance of the Hubspot tool, we can analyze the performance of our newsletter and email campaigns. If you open an email that has been sent through the Hubspot tool, a file that has been integrated into the email (a so-called web-beacon) connects to Hubspots servers in the United States. As a result, it can be determined whether a newsletter message has been opened and which links the recipient possibly clicked on. Tracking email openings is not possible if you have disabled image display by default in your email program. Technical information is also recorded at that time (e.g. the time of access). The sole purpose of this information is the performance of statistical analyses of newsletter and email campaigns. The results of such analyses can be used to tailor future newsletters to the interests of their recipients more effectively.If you do not want to permit an analysis by Hubspot, you must unsubscribe from the newsletter or marketing emails. We provide a link for you to do this in every email message.The data is processed based on your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR), which you may revoke at any time by unsubscribing from the newsletter or marketing emails. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data processing transactions that have taken place prior to your revocation.The data you archive with us for the purpose of the email subscription shall be archived by us until you unsubscribe from the newsletter or marketing emails. Once you cancel your subscription to the newsletter or marketing emails, the data shall be deleted from our servers as well as those of Hubspot. This shall not affect data we have been archiving for other purposes.For more details, please consult the Privacy Policy of Hubspot at:https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy. We have entered into a data processing agreement with Hubspot, in which we mandate that Hubspot undertake to protect the data of OwnClouds website visitors and to refrain from sharing it with third parties.6. Plug-ins and ToolsYouTubeOur website uses plug-ins of the YouTube platform, which is operated by Google. The website operator is Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.If you visit a page on our website into which a YouTube plug-in has been integrated, a connection with YouTubes servers will be established. As a result, the YouTube server will be notified, which of our pages you have visited.Furthermore, YouTube will be able to place various cookies on your device. With the assistance of these cookies, YouTube will be able to obtain information about our website visitor. Among other things, this information will be used to generate video statistics with the aim of improving the user friendliness of the site and to prevent attempts to commit fraud. These cookies will stay on your device until you delete them.If you are logged into your YouTube account while you visit our site, you enable YouTube to directly allocate your browsing patterns to your personal profile. You have the option to prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.The use of YouTube is based on our interest in presenting our online content in an appealing manner. Pursuant to Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR, this is a legitimate interest.For more information on how YouTube handles user data, please consult the YouTube Data Privacy Policy under:https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.7. Custom ServicesJob ApplicationsWe offer website visitors the opportunity to submit job applications to us (e.g. via email, via postal services on by submitting the online job application form). Below, we will brief you on the scope, purpose and use of the personal data collected from you in conjunction with the application process. We assure you that the collection, processing and use of your data will occur in compliance with the applicable data privacy rights and all other statutory provisions and that your data will always be treated as strictly confidential.Scope and purpose of the collection of dataIf you submit a job application to us, we will process any affiliated personal data (e.g. contact and communications data, application documents, notes taken during job interviews, etc.), if they are required to make a decision concerning the establishment or an employment relationship. The legal grounds for the aforementioned are  26 Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG-neu) according to German Law (Negotiation of an Employment Relationship), Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR (General Contract Negotiations) and  provided you have given us your consent  Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR. You may revoke any consent given at any time. Within our company, your personal data will only be shared with individuals who are involved in the processing of your job application.If your job application should result in your recruitment, the data you have submitted will be archived on the grounds of  26 Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG-neu) and Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR for the purpose of implementing the employment relationship in our data processing system.Data Archiving PeriodIf we should not be able to offer you a position, if you refuse a job offer, retract your application, revoke your consent to the processing of your data or ask us to delete your data, we will store your transferred data, incl. any physically submitted application documents for a maximum of 6 months after the conclusion of the application process (retention period) to enable us to track the details of the application process in the event of disparities (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR).YOU HAVE THE OPTION TO OBJECT TO THIS STORAGE/RETENTION OF YOUR DATA IF YOU HAVE LEGITIMATE INTERESTS TO DO SO THAT OUTWEIGH OUR INTERESTS.Once the retention period has expired, the data will be deleted, unless we are subject to any other statutory retention obligations or if any other legal grounds exist to continue to store the data. If it should be foreseeable that the retention of your data will be necessary after the retention period has expired (e.g. due to imminent or pending litigation), the data shall not be deleted until the data have become irrelevant. This shall be without prejudice to any other statutory retention periods.8. Our social media appearancesData processing through social networksWe maintain publicly available profiles in social networks. The individual social networks we use can be found below.Social networks such as Facebook, LinkedIn etc. can generally analyze your user behavior comprehensively if you visit their website or a website with integrated social media content (e.g. like buttons or banner ads). When you visit our social media pages, numerous data protection-relevant processing operations are triggered. In detail:If you are logged in to your social media account and visit our social media page, the operator of the social media portal can assign this visit to your user account. Under certain circumstances, your personal data may also be recorded if you are not logged in or do not have an account with the respective social media portal. In this case, this data is collected, for example, via cookies stored on your device or by recording your IP address.Using the data collected in this way, the operators of the social media portals can create user profiles in which their preferences and interests are stored. This way you can see interest-based advertising inside and outside of your social media presence. If you have an account with the social network, interest-based advertising can be displayed on any device you are logged in to or have logged in to.Please also note that we cannot retrace all processing operations on the social media portals. Depending on the provider, additional processing operations may therefore be carried out by the operators of the social media portals. Details can be found in the terms of use and privacy policy of the respective social media portals.Legal basisOur social media appearances should ensure the widest possible presence on the Internet. This is a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The analysis processes initiated by the social networks may be based on divergent legal bases to be specified by the operators of the social networks (e.g. consent within the meaning of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR).Responsibility and assertion of rightsIf you visit one of our social media sites (e.g., Facebook), we, together with the operator of the social media platform, are responsible for the data processing operations triggered during this visit. You can in principle protect your rights (information, correction, deletion, limitation of processing, data portability and complaint) vis-à-vis us as well as vis-à-vis the operator of the respective social media portal (e.g. Facebook).Please note that despite the shared responsibility with the social media portal operators, we do not have full influence on the data processing operations of the social media portals. Our options are determined by the company policy of the respective provider.Storage timeThe data collected directly from us via the social media presence will be deleted from our systems as soon as the purpose for their storage lapses, you ask us to delete it, you revoke your consent to the storage or the purpose for the data storage lapses. Stored cookies remain on your device until you delete them. Mandatory statutory provisions  in particular, retention periods  remain unaffected.We have no control over the storage duration of your data that are stored by the social network operators for their own purposes. For details, please contact the social network operators directly (e.g. in their privacy policy, see below).Individual social networksFacebookWe have a profile on Facebook. The provider is Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA. Facebook is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield.We have signed a joint processing agreement (Controller Addendum) with Facebook. This agreement specifies which data processing operations we or Facebook are responsible for when you visit our Facebook page. You can view this agreement at the following link:https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendumYou can customize your advertising settings independently in your user account. Click on the following link and log in:https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=adsDetails can be found in the Facebook privacy policy:https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/TwitterWe use the short message service Twitter. The provider is Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States. Twitter is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield.You can customize your Twitter privacy settings in your user account. Click on the following link and log in:https://twitter.com/personalizationFor details, see the Twitter Privacy Policy:https://twitter.com/privacyXINGWe have a profile on XING. The provider is XING AG, Dammtorstraße 29-32, 20354 Hamburg, Germany. Details on their handling of your personal data can be found in the XING Privacy Policy:https://privacy.xing.com/de/datenschutzerklaerung.LinkedInWe have a LinkedIn profile. The provider is the LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Plaza, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland. LinkedIn is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield. LinkedIn uses advertising cookies.If you want to disable LinkedIn advertising cookies, please use the following link:https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out.For details on how they handle your personal information, please refer to LinkedIns privacy policy:https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy.9. Android App Privacy PolicyAboutownCloud GmbH provides the ownCloud Android app.This page is used to inform users regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.The app does not collect your personal information. All actions happen between the app and the respective ownCloud server or servers a user chooses to connect to. No sensitive data is handled inside this app.Data Collection and UseThe app does not use third party services that collect data used to identify users beyond those that the marketplace providers mandate, e.g. the Google Play Services for Android Apps purchased through the Google Play Store. Learn more about Privacy and the Google Play Services athttps://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.Log DataWe want to inform you that whenever you use our app, in case of an error we*dont*collect data and information by default. Rather, users can choose to switch on logging in the app settings and then can manually send those logs manually to us, if they so choose. Logs encompass technical information that is important to understand and fix the error or problem. No sensitive and personal information is enclosed in the logs. The user name and server name as well as the display name may appear. Any other authentication information is redacted. Logs are*never*shared with 3rd-party-apps.SecurityWe value your trust in using ownCloud Apps to handle your personal data, thus we are striving to protect it using state-of-the-art security measures. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.Changes to This Privacy PolicyWe may update our Privacy Policy occasionally. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.This policy is effective as of 2021-10-01.Contact UsIf you have any questions about our Android App Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at. 1. An overview of data protectionGeneral informationThe following information will provide you with an easy to navigate overview of what will happen with your personal data when you visit our website. The term personal data comprises all data that can be used to personally identify you. For detailed information about the subject matter of data protection, please consult our Data Protection Declaration, which we have included beneath this copy.Data recording on our websiteWho is the responsible party for the recording of data on this website (i.e. the controller)?The data on this website is processed by the operator of the website, whose contact information is available under section Imprint on this website.How do we record your data?We collect your data as a result of your sharing of your data with us. This may, for instance be information you enter into our contact form.Our IT systems automatically record other data when you visit our website. This data comprises primarily technical information (e.g. web browser, operating system or time the site was accessed). This information is recorded automatically when you access our website.What are the purposes we use your data for?A portion of the information is generated to guarantee the error free provision of the website. Other data may be used to analyze your user patterns.What rights do you have as far as your information is concerned?You have the right to receive information about the source, recipients and purposes of your archived personal data at any time without having to pay a fee for such disclosures. You also have the right to demand that your data are rectified, blocked or eradicated. Please do not hesitate to contact us at any time under the address disclosed in section Imprint on this website if you have questions about this or any other data protection related issues. You also have the right to log a complaint with the competent supervising agency.Moreover, under certain circumstances, you have the right to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data. For details, please consult the Data Protection Declaration under section Right to Restriction of Data Processing.Analysis tools and tools provided by third partiesThere is a possibility that your browsing patterns will be statistically analyzed when your visit our website. Such analyses are performed primarily with cookies and with what we refer to as analysis programs. As a rule, the analyses of your browsing patterns are conducted anonymously; i.e. the browsing patterns cannot be traced back to you.You have the option to object to such analyses or you can prevent their performance by not using certain tools. For detailed information about the tools and about your options to object, please consult our Data Protection Declaration below.2. General information and mandatory informationData protectionThe operators of this website and its pages take the protection of your personal data very seriously. Hence, we handle your personal data as confidential information and in compliance with the statutory data protection regulations and this Data Protection Declaration.Whenever you use this website, a variety of personal information will be collected. Personal data comprises data that can be used to personally identify you. This Data Protection Declaration explains which data we collect as well as the purposes we use this data for. It also explains how, and for which purpose the information is collected.We herewith advise you that the transmission of data via the Internet (i.e. through email communications) may be prone to security gaps. It is not always possible to completely protect data against third party access.Information about the responsible party (referred to as the controller in the GDPR)The data processing controller on this website is:ownCloud GmbHRathsbergstr. 1790411 NürnbergGermanyPhone: +49 911 14888690Email: hello[at]owncloud[dot]comThe controller is the natural person or legal entity that single-handedly or jointly with others makes decisions as to the purposes of and resources for the processing of personal data (e.g. names, email addresses, etc.).Revocation of your consent to the processing of dataA wide range of data processing transactions are possible only subject to your express consent. You can also revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. To do so, all you are required to do is sent us an informal notification via email. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation.Right to object to the collection of data in special cases; right to object to direct advertising (Art. 21 GDPR)In the event that data are processed on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. e or f GDPR, you have the right to at any time object to the processing of your personal data based on grounds arising from your unique situation. This also applies to any profiling based on these provisions. To determine the legal basis, on which any processing of data is based, please consult this Data Protection Declaration. If you log an objection, we will no longer process your affected personal data, unless we are in a position to present compelling protection worthy grounds for the processing of your data, that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms or if the purpose of the processing is the claiming, exercising or defense of legal entitlements (objection pursuant to Art. 21 Sect. 1 GDPR).If your personal data is being processed in order to engage in direct advertising, you have the right to at any time object to the processing of your affected personal data for the purposes of such advertising. This also applies to profiling to the extent that it is affiliated with such direct advertising. If you object, your personal data will subsequently no longer be used for direct advertising purposes (objection pursuant to Art. 21 Sect. 2 GDPR).Right to log a complaint with the competent supervisory agencyIn the event of violations of the GDPR, data subjects are entitled to log a complaint with a supervisory agency, in particular in the member state where they usually maintain their domicile, place of work or at the place where the alleged violation occurred. The right to log a complaint is in effect regardless of any other administrative or court proceedings available as legal recourses.Right to data portabilityYou have the right to demand that we hand over any data we automatically process on the basis of your consent or in order to fulfil a contract be handed over to you or a third party in a commonly used, machine readable format. If you should demand the direct transfer of the data to another controller, this will be done only if it is technically feasible.SSL and/or TLS encryptionFor security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as purchase orders or inquiries you submit to us as the website operator, this website uses either an SSL or a TLS encryption program. You can recognize an encrypted connection by checking whether the address line of the browser switches from http:// to https:// and also by the appearance of the lock icon in the browser line.If the SSL or TLS encryption is activated, data you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties.Information about, blockage, rectification and eradication of dataWithin the scope of the applicable statutory provisions, you have the right to at any time demand information about your archived personal data, their source and recipients as well as the purpose of the processing of your data. You may also have a right to have your data rectified, blocked or eradicated. If you have questions about this subject matter or any other questions about personal data, please do not hesitate to contact us at any time at the address provided in section Imprint.Right to demand processing restrictionsYou have the right to demand the imposition of restrictions as far as the processing of your personal data is concerned. To do so, you may contact us at any time at the address provided in section Imprint. The right to demand restriction of processing applies in the following cases:In the event that you should dispute the correctness of your data archived by us, we will usually need some time to verify this claim. During the time that this investigation is ongoing, you have the right to demand that we restrict the processing of your personal data.If the processing of your personal data was/is conducted in an unlawful manner, you have the option to demand the restriction of the processing of your data in lieu of demanding the eradication of this data.If we do not need your personal data any longer and you need it to exercise, defend or claim legal entitlements, you have the right to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data instead of its eradication.If you have raised an objection pursuant to Art. 21 Sect. 1 GDPR, your rights and our rights will have to be weighed against each other. As long as it has not been determined whose interests prevail, you have the right to demand a restriction of the processing of your personal data.If you have restricted the processing of your personal data, these data  with the exception of their archiving  may be processed only subject to your consent or to claim, exercise or defend legal entitlements or to protect the rights of other natural persons or legal entities or for important public interest reasons cited by the European Union or a member state of the EU.Rejection of unsolicited emailsWe herewith object to the use of contact information published in conjunction with the mandatory information to be provided in section Imprint to send us promotional and information material that we have not expressly requested. The operators of this website and its pages reserve the express right to take legal action in the event of the unsolicited sending of promotional information, for instance via SPAM messages.3. Recording of data on our websiteCookiesIn some instances, our website and its pages use so-called cookies. Cookies do not cause any damage to your computer and do not contain viruses. The purpose of cookies is to make our website more user friendly, effective and more secure. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer and stored by your browser.Most of the cookies we use are so-called session cookies. They are automatically deleted after your leave our site. Other cookies will remain archived on your device until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognize your browser the next time you visit our website.You can adjust the settings of your browser to make sure that you are notified every time cookies are placed and to enable you to accept cookies only in specific cases or to exclude the acceptance of cookies for specific situations or in general and to activate the automatic deletion of cookies when you close your browser. If you deactivate cookies, the functions of this website may be limited.Cookies that are required for the performance of the electronic communications transaction or to provide certain functions you want to use (e.g. a shopping cart function), are stored on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in storing cookies to ensure the technically error free and optimized provision of the operators services. If other cookies (e.g. cookies for the analysis of your browsing patterns) should be stored, they are addressed separately in this Data Protection Declaration.Server log filesThe provider of this website and its pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser communicates to us automatically. The information comprises:The type and version of browser usedThe used operating systemReferrer URLThe hostname of the accessing computerThe time of the server inquiryThe IP addressThis data is not merged with other data sources.This data is recorded on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The operator of the website has a legitimate interest in the technically error free depiction and the optimization of the operators website. In order to achieve this, server log files must be recorded.Contact formIf you submit inquiries to us via our contact form, the information provided in the contact form as well as any contact information provided therein will be stored by us in order to handle your inquiry and in the event that we have further questions. We will not share this information without your consent.Hence, the processing of the data entered into the contact form occurs exclusively based on your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). You have the right to revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. To do so, all you are required to do is sent us an informal notification via email. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation.The information you have entered into the contact form shall remain with us until you ask us to eradicate the data, revoke your consent to the archiving of data or if the purpose for which the information is being archived no longer exists (e.g. after we have concluded our response to your inquiry). This shall be without prejudice to any mandatory legal provisions  in particular retention periods.Request by email, telephone or faxIf you contact us by email, telephone or fax, your request, including all resulting personal data (name, request) will be stored and processed by us for the purpose of processing your request. We do not pass these data on without your consent.The processing of these data is based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR, if your request is related to the execution of a contract or if it is necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures. In all other cases, the processing is based on your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 a GDPR) and/or on our legitimate interests (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR), since we have a legitimate interest in the effective processing of requests addressed to us.The data sent by you to us via contact requests remain with us until you request us to delete, revoke your consent to the storage or the purpose for the data storage lapses (e.g. after completion of your request). Mandatory statutory provisions  in particular statutory retention periods  remain unaffected.Registration on this websiteYou have the option to register on our website to be able to use additional website functions. We shall use the data you enter only for the purpose of using the respective offer or service you have registered for. The required information we request at the time of registration must be entered in full. Otherwise we shall reject the registration.To notify you of any important changes to the scope of our portfolio or in the event of technical modifications, we shall use the email address provided during the registration process.We shall process the data entered during the registration process on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). You have the right to revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. To do so, all you are required to do is sent us an informal notification via email. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation.The data recorded during the registration process shall be stored by us as long as you are registered on our website. Subsequently, such data shall be deleted. This shall be without prejudice to mandatory statutory retention obligations.4. Analysis tools and advertisingGoogle AnalyticsParts of this website use functions of the web analysis service Google Analytics. The provider of this service is Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.Google Analytics uses so-called cookies. Cookies are text files, which are stored on your computer and that enable an analysis of the use of the website by users. The information generated by cookies on your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the United States, where it is stored.The storage of Google Analytics cookies and the utilization of this analysis tool are based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The operator of this website has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user patterns to optimize both, the services offered online and the operators advertising activities.IP anonymizationOn this website, we have activated the IP anonymization function. As a result, your IP address will be abbreviated by Google within the member states of the European Union or in other states that have ratified the Convention on the European Economic Area prior to its transmission to the United States. The full IP address will be transmitted to one of Googles servers in the United States and abbreviated there only in exceptional cases. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google shall use this information to analyze your use of this website to generate reports on website activities and to render other services to the operator of this website that are related to the use of the website and the Internet. The IP address transmitted in conjunction with Google Analytics from your browser shall not be merged with other data in Googles possession.Browser plug-inYou do have the option to prevent the archiving of cookies by making pertinent changes to the settings of your browser software. However, we have to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all of the functions of this website to their fullest extent. Moreover, you have the option prevent the recording of the data generated by the cookie and affiliated with your use of the website (including your IP address) by Google as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link:https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.Objection to the recording of dataYou have the option to prevent the recording of your data by Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. This will result in the placement of an opt out cookie, which prevents the recording of your data during future visits to this website:Google Analytics deactivation.For more information about the handling of user data by Google Analytics, please consult Googles Data Privacy Declaration at:https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en.Contract data processingWe have executed a contract data processing agreement with Google and are implementing the stringent provisions of the German data protection agencies to the fullest when using Google Analytics.Demographic parameters provided by Google AnalyticsThis website uses the function demographic parameters provided by Google Analytics. It makes it possible to generate reports providing information on the age, gender and interests of website visitors. The sources of this information are interest-related advertising by Google as well as visitor data obtained from third party providers. This data cannot be allocated to a specific individual. You have the option to deactivate this function at any time by making pertinent settings changes for advertising in your Google account or you can generally prohibit the recording of your data by Google Analytics as explained in section Objection to the recording of data.Archiving periodData on the user or incident level stored by Google linked to cookies, user IDs or advertising IDs (e.g. DoubleClick cookies, Android advertising ID) will be anonymized or deleted after 14 months. For details please click the following link:https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/7667196?hl=enGoogle Analytics RemarketingParts of this website use the functions of Google Analytics Remarketing in combination with the functions of Google Ads and Google DoubleClick, which work on all devices. The provider of these solutions is Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.This function makes it possible to connect the advertising target groups generated with Google Analytics Remarketing with the functions of Google Ads and Google DoubleClick, which work on all devices. This makes it possible to display interest-based customized advertising messages, depending on your prior usage and browsing patterns on a device (e.g. cell phone) in a manner tailored to you as well as on any of your devices (e.g. tablet or PC).If you have given us pertinent consent, Google will connect your web and app browser progressions with your Google account for this purpose. As a result, it is possible to display the same personalized advertising messages on every device you log into with your Google account.To support this function, Google Analytics records Google authenticated IDs of users that are temporarily connected with our Google Analytics data to define and compile the target groups for the ads to be displayed on all devices.You have the option to permanently object to remarketing/targeting across all devices by deactivating personalized advertising. To do this, please follow this link:https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/.The consolidation of the recorded data in your Google account shall occur exclusively based on your consent, which you may give to Google and also revoke there (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). Data recording processes that are not consolidated in your Google account (for instance because you do not have a Google account or have objected to the consolidation of data), the recording of data is based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The legitimate interest arises from the fact that the operator of the website has a legitimate interest in the anonymized analysis of website visitor for advertising purposes.For further information and the pertinent data protection regulations, please consult the Data Privacy Policies of Google at:https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads?hl=en.Google Ads and Google Conversion TrackingParts of this website use Google Ads. Ads is an online promotional program of Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.In conjunction with Google Ads, we use a tool called Conversion Tracking. If you click on an ad posted by Google, a cookie for Conversion Tracking purposes will be placed. Cookies are small text files the web browser places on the users computer. These cookies expire after 30 days and are not used to personally identify users. If the user visits certain pages of this website and the cookie has not yet expired, Google and we will be able to recognize that the user has clicked on an ad and has been linked to this page.A different cookie is allocated to every Google Ads customer. These cookies cannot be tracked via websites of Ads customers. The information obtained with the assistance of the Conversion cookie is used to generate Conversion statistics for Ads customers who have opted to use Conversion Tracking. The users receive the total number of users that have clicked on their ads and have been linked to a page equipped with a Conversion Tracking tag. However, they do not receive any information that would allow them to personally identify these users. If you do not want to participate in tracking, you have the option to object to this use by easily deactivating the Google Conversion Tracking cookie via your web browser under user settings. If you do this, you will not be included in the Conversion Tracking statistics.The storage of Conversion cookies and the use of this tracking tool are based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user patterns, in order to optimize the operators web offerings and advertising.To review more detailed information about Google Ads and Google Conversion Tracking, please consult the Data Privacy Policies of Google at:https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.You can set up your browser in such a manner that you will be notified anytime cookies are placed and you can permit cookies only in certain cases or exclude the acceptance of cookies in certain instances or in general and you can also activate the automatic deletion of cookies upon closing of the browser. If you deactivate cookies, the functions of this website may be limited.Hubspot Inc.Parts of this website use the services of Hubspot Inc. (Hubspot) to: (a) collect statistical information about the use of the website and improve it accordingly, (b) provide downloads of white papers, e-books, and similar materials; and (c) operate email marketing. Hubspot is registered at Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141, USA.The legal basis for using Hubspots services is our legitimate interest in optimizing our marketing activities and the service quality of our website.Hubspot is in possession of a certification that is in compliance with the EU-US-Data Privacy Framework. The Data Privacy Framework is a self-certification program between the European Union (EU) and the United States of America (USA) that aims to warrant the compliance with European data protection standards in the United States.Processing of personal data as part of the registration processIf you register for a download or a webinar, you consent to the processing of your personal data and to the collection, processing and use of your personal data by ownCloud for the purposes described herein. If the registration form specifies forwarding to a partner company of ownCloud, you consent to the transfer of your data to the partner company specified therein. You also agree that the mandatory and voluntary information collected during registration, as well as the web analysis data of your visits to the ownCloud website, may be stored as a profile as well as evaluated and used for advertising purposes. This consent may be revoked at any time with effect for the future.CookiesHubspot uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Hubspot on servers operated by Hubspot. On behalf of the operator of this website, Hubspot will use this information for the purpose of evaluating the use of the website and compiling reports on website activity.For more details, please consult the Privacy Policy of Hubspot at: https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy. We have entered into a data processing agreement with Hubspot, in which we mandate that Hubspot undertake to protect the data of OwnClouds website visitors and to refrain from sharing it with third parties.5. Newsletter and email marketingNewsletter dataIf you would like to subscribe to the newsletter offered on this website, we will need from you an email address as well as information that allow us to verify that you are the owner of the email address provided and consent to the receipt of the newsletter. No further data shall be collected or shall be collected only on a voluntary basis. We shall use such data only for the sending of the requested information and shall not share such data with any third parties.The processing of the information entered into the newsletter subscription form shall occur exclusively on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). You may revoke the consent you have given to the archiving of data, the email address and the use of this information for the sending of the newsletter at any time, for instance by clicking on the Unsubscribe link in the newsletter. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data processing transactions that have taken place to date.The data you archive with us for the purpose of the newsletter subscription shall be archived by us until you unsubscribe from the newsletter. Once you cancel your subscription to the newsletter, the data shall be deleted. This shall not affect data we have been archiving for other purposes.Hubspot Inc.ownCloud uses the services of Hubspot to send out its newsletters as well as emails for marketing purposes and to inform its customers and partners about product updates, services, etc. The provider is Hubspot Inc registered at Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141, USA.Among other things, Hubspot is a service that can be deployed to organize and analyze the sending of newsletters and marketing emails. Whenever you enter data for the purpose of subscribing to a newsletter (e.g. your email address), the information is stored on Hubspot servers in the United States.Hubspot complies with the EU-US-Data Privacy Framework. The Data Privacy Framework is a self-certification program between the European Union (EU) and the United States of America (USA) that aims to warrant the compliance with European data protection standards in the United StatesWith the assistance of the Hubspot tool, we can analyze the performance of our newsletter and email campaigns. If you open an email that has been sent through the Hubspot tool, a file that has been integrated into the email (a so-called web-beacon) connects to Hubspots servers in the United States. As a result, it can be determined whether a newsletter message has been opened and which links the recipient possibly clicked on. Tracking email openings is not possible if you have disabled image display by default in your email program. Technical information is also recorded at that time (e.g. the time of access). The sole purpose of this information is the performance of statistical analyses of newsletter and email campaigns. The results of such analyses can be used to tailor future newsletters to the interests of their recipients more effectively.If you do not want to permit an analysis by Hubspot, you must unsubscribe from the newsletter or marketing emails. We provide a link for you to do this in every email message.The data is processed based on your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR), which you may revoke at any time by unsubscribing from the newsletter or marketing emails. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data processing transactions that have taken place prior to your revocation.The data you archive with us for the purpose of the email subscription shall be archived by us until you unsubscribe from the newsletter or marketing emails. Once you cancel your subscription to the newsletter or marketing emails, the data shall be deleted from our servers as well as those of Hubspot. This shall not affect data we have been archiving for other purposes.For more details, please consult the Privacy Policy of Hubspot at:https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy. We have entered into a data processing agreement with Hubspot, in which we mandate that Hubspot undertake to protect the data of OwnClouds website visitors and to refrain from sharing it with third parties.6. Plug-ins and ToolsYouTubeOur website uses plug-ins of the YouTube platform, which is operated by Google. The website operator is Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.If you visit a page on our website into which a YouTube plug-in has been integrated, a connection with YouTubes servers will be established. As a result, the YouTube server will be notified, which of our pages you have visited.Furthermore, YouTube will be able to place various cookies on your device. With the assistance of these cookies, YouTube will be able to obtain information about our website visitor. Among other things, this information will be used to generate video statistics with the aim of improving the user friendliness of the site and to prevent attempts to commit fraud. These cookies will stay on your device until you delete them.If you are logged into your YouTube account while you visit our site, you enable YouTube to directly allocate your browsing patterns to your personal profile. You have the option to prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.The use of YouTube is based on our interest in presenting our online content in an appealing manner. Pursuant to Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR, this is a legitimate interest.For more information on how YouTube handles user data, please consult the YouTube Data Privacy Policy under:https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.7. Custom ServicesJob ApplicationsWe offer website visitors the opportunity to submit job applications to us (e.g. via email, via postal services on by submitting the online job application form). Below, we will brief you on the scope, purpose and use of the personal data collected from you in conjunction with the application process. We assure you that the collection, processing and use of your data will occur in compliance with the applicable data privacy rights and all other statutory provisions and that your data will always be treated as strictly confidential.Scope and purpose of the collection of dataIf you submit a job application to us, we will process any affiliated personal data (e.g. contact and communications data, application documents, notes taken during job interviews, etc.), if they are required to make a decision concerning the establishment or an employment relationship. The legal grounds for the aforementioned are  26 Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG-neu) according to German Law (Negotiation of an Employment Relationship), Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR (General Contract Negotiations) and  provided you have given us your consent  Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR. You may revoke any consent given at any time. Within our company, your personal data will only be shared with individuals who are involved in the processing of your job application.If your job application should result in your recruitment, the data you have submitted will be archived on the grounds of  26 Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG-neu) and Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR for the purpose of implementing the employment relationship in our data processing system.Data Archiving PeriodIf we should not be able to offer you a position, if you refuse a job offer, retract your application, revoke your consent to the processing of your data or ask us to delete your data, we will store your transferred data, incl. any physically submitted application documents for a maximum of 6 months after the conclusion of the application process (retention period) to enable us to track the details of the application process in the event of disparities (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR).YOU HAVE THE OPTION TO OBJECT TO THIS STORAGE/RETENTION OF YOUR DATA IF YOU HAVE LEGITIMATE INTERESTS TO DO SO THAT OUTWEIGH OUR INTERESTS.Once the retention period has expired, the data will be deleted, unless we are subject to any other statutory retention obligations or if any other legal grounds exist to continue to store the data. If it should be foreseeable that the retention of your data will be necessary after the retention period has expired (e.g. due to imminent or pending litigation), the data shall not be deleted until the data have become irrelevant. This shall be without prejudice to any other statutory retention periods.8. Our social media appearancesData processing through social networksWe maintain publicly available profiles in social networks. The individual social networks we use can be found below.Social networks such as Facebook, LinkedIn etc. can generally analyze your user behavior comprehensively if you visit their website or a website with integrated social media content (e.g. like buttons or banner ads). When you visit our social media pages, numerous data protection-relevant processing operations are triggered. In detail:If you are logged in to your social media account and visit our social media page, the operator of the social media portal can assign this visit to your user account. Under certain circumstances, your personal data may also be recorded if you are not logged in or do not have an account with the respective social media portal. In this case, this data is collected, for example, via cookies stored on your device or by recording your IP address.Using the data collected in this way, the operators of the social media portals can create user profiles in which their preferences and interests are stored. This way you can see interest-based advertising inside and outside of your social media presence. If you have an account with the social network, interest-based advertising can be displayed on any device you are logged in to or have logged in to.Please also note that we cannot retrace all processing operations on the social media portals. Depending on the provider, additional processing operations may therefore be carried out by the operators of the social media portals. Details can be found in the terms of use and privacy policy of the respective social media portals.Legal basisOur social media appearances should ensure the widest possible presence on the Internet. This is a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The analysis processes initiated by the social networks may be based on divergent legal bases to be specified by the operators of the social networks (e.g. consent within the meaning of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR).Responsibility and assertion of rightsIf you visit one of our social media sites (e.g., Facebook), we, together with the operator of the social media platform, are responsible for the data processing operations triggered during this visit. You can in principle protect your rights (information, correction, deletion, limitation of processing, data portability and complaint) vis-à-vis us as well as vis-à-vis the operator of the respective social media portal (e.g. Facebook).Please note that despite the shared responsibility with the social media portal operators, we do not have full influence on the data processing operations of the social media portals. Our options are determined by the company policy of the respective provider.Storage timeThe data collected directly from us via the social media presence will be deleted from our systems as soon as the purpose for their storage lapses, you ask us to delete it, you revoke your consent to the storage or the purpose for the data storage lapses. Stored cookies remain on your device until you delete them. Mandatory statutory provisions  in particular, retention periods  remain unaffected.We have no control over the storage duration of your data that are stored by the social network operators for their own purposes. For details, please contact the social network operators directly (e.g. in their privacy policy, see below).Individual social networksFacebookWe have a profile on Facebook. The provider is Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA. Facebook is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield.We have signed a joint processing agreement (Controller Addendum) with Facebook. This agreement specifies which data processing operations we or Facebook are responsible for when you visit our Facebook page. You can view this agreement at the following link:https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendumYou can customize your advertising settings independently in your user account. Click on the following link and log in:https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=adsDetails can be found in the Facebook privacy policy:https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/TwitterWe use the short message service Twitter. The provider is Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States. Twitter is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield.You can customize your Twitter privacy settings in your user account. Click on the following link and log in:https://twitter.com/personalizationFor details, see the Twitter Privacy Policy:https://twitter.com/privacyXINGWe have a profile on XING. The provider is XING AG, Dammtorstraße 29-32, 20354 Hamburg, Germany. Details on their handling of your personal data can be found in the XING Privacy Policy:https://privacy.xing.com/de/datenschutzerklaerung.LinkedInWe have a LinkedIn profile. The provider is the LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Plaza, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland. LinkedIn is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield. LinkedIn uses advertising cookies.If you want to disable LinkedIn advertising cookies, please use the following link:https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out.For details on how they handle your personal information, please refer to LinkedIns privacy policy:https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy.9. Android App Privacy PolicyAboutownCloud GmbH provides the ownCloud Android app.This page is used to inform users regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.The app does not collect your personal information. All actions happen between the app and the respective ownCloud server or servers a user chooses to connect to. No sensitive data is handled inside this app.Data Collection and UseThe app does not use third party services that collect data used to identify users beyond those that the marketplace providers mandate, e.g. the Google Play Services for Android Apps purchased through the Google Play Store. Learn more about Privacy and the Google Play Services athttps://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.Log DataWe want to inform you that whenever you use our app, in case of an error we*dont*collect data and information by default. Rather, users can choose to switch on logging in the app settings and then can manually send those logs manually to us, if they so choose. Logs encompass technical information that is important to understand and fix the error or problem. No sensitive and personal information is enclosed in the logs. The user name and server name as well as the display name may appear. Any other authentication information is redacted. Logs are*never*shared with 3rd-party-apps.SecurityWe value your trust in using ownCloud Apps to handle your personal data, thus we are striving to protect it using state-of-the-art security measures. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.Changes to This Privacy PolicyWe may update our Privacy Policy occasionally. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.This policy is effective as of 2021-10-01.Contact UsIf you have any questions about our Android App Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at. 1. An overview of data protection The following information will provide you with an easy to navigate overview of what will happen with your personal data when you visit our website. The term personal data comprises all data that can be used to personally identify you. For detailed information about the subject matter of data protection, please consult our Data Protection Declaration, which we have included beneath this copy. Data recording on our website Who is the responsible party for the recording of data on this website (i.e. the controller)?The data on this website is processed by the operator of the website, whose contact information is available under section Imprint on this website. How do we record your data?We collect your data as a result of your sharing of your data with us. This may, for instance be information you enter into our contact form. Our IT systems automatically record other data when you visit our website. This data comprises primarily technical information (e.g. web browser, operating system or time the site was accessed). This information is recorded automatically when you access our website. What are the purposes we use your data for?A portion of the information is generated to guarantee the error free provision of the website. Other data may be used to analyze your user patterns. What rights do you have as far as your information is concerned?You have the right to receive information about the source, recipients and purposes of your archived personal data at any time without having to pay a fee for such disclosures. You also have the right to demand that your data are rectified, blocked or eradicated. Please do not hesitate to contact us at any time under the address disclosed in section Imprint on this website if you have questions about this or any other data protection related issues. You also have the right to log a complaint with the competent supervising agency. Moreover, under certain circumstances, you have the right to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data. For details, please consult the Data Protection Declaration under section Right to Restriction of Data Processing. Analysis tools and tools provided by third parties There is a possibility that your browsing patterns will be statistically analyzed when your visit our website. Such analyses are performed primarily with cookies and with what we refer to as analysis programs. As a rule, the analyses of your browsing patterns are conducted anonymously; i.e. the browsing patterns cannot be traced back to you. You have the option to object to such analyses or you can prevent their performance by not using certain tools. For detailed information about the tools and about your options to object, please consult our Data Protection Declaration below. 2. General information and mandatory information The operators of this website and its pages take the protection of your personal data very seriously. Hence, we handle your personal data as confidential information and in compliance with the statutory data protection regulations and this Data Protection Declaration. Whenever you use this website, a variety of personal information will be collected. Personal data comprises data that can be used to personally identify you. This Data Protection Declaration explains which data we collect as well as the purposes we use this data for. It also explains how, and for which purpose the information is collected. We herewith advise you that the transmission of data via the Internet (i.e. through email communications) may be prone to security gaps. It is not always possible to completely protect data against third party access. Information about the responsible party (referred to as the controller in the GDPR) The data processing controller on this website is: ownCloud GmbHRathsbergstr. 1790411 NürnbergGermany Phone: +49 911 14888690Email: hello[at]owncloud[dot]com The controller is the natural person or legal entity that single-handedly or jointly with others makes decisions as to the purposes of and resources for the processing of personal data (e.g. names, email addresses, etc.). Revocation of your consent to the processing of data A wide range of data processing transactions are possible only subject to your express consent. You can also revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. To do so, all you are required to do is sent us an informal notification via email. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation. Right to object to the collection of data in special cases; right to object to direct advertising (Art. 21 GDPR) In the event that data are processed on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. e or f GDPR, you have the right to at any time object to the processing of your personal data based on grounds arising from your unique situation. This also applies to any profiling based on these provisions. To determine the legal basis, on which any processing of data is based, please consult this Data Protection Declaration. If you log an objection, we will no longer process your affected personal data, unless we are in a position to present compelling protection worthy grounds for the processing of your data, that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms or if the purpose of the processing is the claiming, exercising or defense of legal entitlements (objection pursuant to Art. 21 Sect. 1 GDPR). If your personal data is being processed in order to engage in direct advertising, you have the right to at any time object to the processing of your affected personal data for the purposes of such advertising. This also applies to profiling to the extent that it is affiliated with such direct advertising. If you object, your personal data will subsequently no longer be used for direct advertising purposes (objection pursuant to Art. 21 Sect. 2 GDPR). Right to log a complaint with the competent supervisory agency In the event of violations of the GDPR, data subjects are entitled to log a complaint with a supervisory agency, in particular in the member state where they usually maintain their domicile, place of work or at the place where the alleged violation occurred. The right to log a complaint is in effect regardless of any other administrative or court proceedings available as legal recourses. Right to data portability You have the right to demand that we hand over any data we automatically process on the basis of your consent or in order to fulfil a contract be handed over to you or a third party in a commonly used, machine readable format. If you should demand the direct transfer of the data to another controller, this will be done only if it is technically feasible. SSL and/or TLS encryption For security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as purchase orders or inquiries you submit to us as the website operator, this website uses either an SSL or a TLS encryption program. You can recognize an encrypted connection by checking whether the address line of the browser switches from http:// to https:// and also by the appearance of the lock icon in the browser line. If the SSL or TLS encryption is activated, data you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties. Information about, blockage, rectification and eradication of data Within the scope of the applicable statutory provisions, you have the right to at any time demand information about your archived personal data, their source and recipients as well as the purpose of the processing of your data. You may also have a right to have your data rectified, blocked or eradicated. If you have questions about this subject matter or any other questions about personal data, please do not hesitate to contact us at any time at the address provided in section Imprint. Right to demand processing restrictions You have the right to demand the imposition of restrictions as far as the processing of your personal data is concerned. To do so, you may contact us at any time at the address provided in section Imprint. The right to demand restriction of processing applies in the following cases: In the event that you should dispute the correctness of your data archived by us, we will usually need some time to verify this claim. During the time that this investigation is ongoing, you have the right to demand that we restrict the processing of your personal data. If the processing of your personal data was/is conducted in an unlawful manner, you have the option to demand the restriction of the processing of your data in lieu of demanding the eradication of this data. If we do not need your personal data any longer and you need it to exercise, defend or claim legal entitlements, you have the right to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data instead of its eradication. If you have raised an objection pursuant to Art. 21 Sect. 1 GDPR, your rights and our rights will have to be weighed against each other. As long as it has not been determined whose interests prevail, you have the right to demand a restriction of the processing of your personal data. If you have restricted the processing of your personal data, these data  with the exception of their archiving  may be processed only subject to your consent or to claim, exercise or defend legal entitlements or to protect the rights of other natural persons or legal entities or for important public interest reasons cited by the European Union or a member state of the EU. Rejection of unsolicited emails We herewith object to the use of contact information published in conjunction with the mandatory information to be provided in section Imprint to send us promotional and information material that we have not expressly requested. The operators of this website and its pages reserve the express right to take legal action in the event of the unsolicited sending of promotional information, for instance via SPAM messages. 3. Recording of data on our website In some instances, our website and its pages use so-called cookies. Cookies do not cause any damage to your computer and do not contain viruses. The purpose of cookies is to make our website more user friendly, effective and more secure. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer and stored by your browser. Most of the cookies we use are so-called session cookies. They are automatically deleted after your leave our site. Other cookies will remain archived on your device until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognize your browser the next time you visit our website. You can adjust the settings of your browser to make sure that you are notified every time cookies are placed and to enable you to accept cookies only in specific cases or to exclude the acceptance of cookies for specific situations or in general and to activate the automatic deletion of cookies when you close your browser. If you deactivate cookies, the functions of this website may be limited. Cookies that are required for the performance of the electronic communications transaction or to provide certain functions you want to use (e.g. a shopping cart function), are stored on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in storing cookies to ensure the technically error free and optimized provision of the operators services. If other cookies (e.g. cookies for the analysis of your browsing patterns) should be stored, they are addressed separately in this Data Protection Declaration. The provider of this website and its pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser communicates to us automatically. The information comprises: The type and version of browser used The used operating system The hostname of the accessing computer The time of the server inquiry This data is not merged with other data sources. This data is recorded on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The operator of the website has a legitimate interest in the technically error free depiction and the optimization of the operators website. In order to achieve this, server log files must be recorded. If you submit inquiries to us via our contact form, the information provided in the contact form as well as any contact information provided therein will be stored by us in order to handle your inquiry and in the event that we have further questions. We will not share this information without your consent. Hence, the processing of the data entered into the contact form occurs exclusively based on your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). You have the right to revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. To do so, all you are required to do is sent us an informal notification via email. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation. The information you have entered into the contact form shall remain with us until you ask us to eradicate the data, revoke your consent to the archiving of data or if the purpose for which the information is being archived no longer exists (e.g. after we have concluded our response to your inquiry). This shall be without prejudice to any mandatory legal provisions  in particular retention periods. Request by email, telephone or fax If you contact us by email, telephone or fax, your request, including all resulting personal data (name, request) will be stored and processed by us for the purpose of processing your request. We do not pass these data on without your consent. The processing of these data is based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR, if your request is related to the execution of a contract or if it is necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures. In all other cases, the processing is based on your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 a GDPR) and/or on our legitimate interests (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR), since we have a legitimate interest in the effective processing of requests addressed to us. The data sent by you to us via contact requests remain with us until you request us to delete, revoke your consent to the storage or the purpose for the data storage lapses (e.g. after completion of your request). Mandatory statutory provisions  in particular statutory retention periods  remain unaffected. Registration on this website You have the option to register on our website to be able to use additional website functions. We shall use the data you enter only for the purpose of using the respective offer or service you have registered for. The required information we request at the time of registration must be entered in full. Otherwise we shall reject the registration. To notify you of any important changes to the scope of our portfolio or in the event of technical modifications, we shall use the email address provided during the registration process. We shall process the data entered during the registration process on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). You have the right to revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. To do so, all you are required to do is sent us an informal notification via email. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation. The data recorded during the registration process shall be stored by us as long as you are registered on our website. Subsequently, such data shall be deleted. This shall be without prejudice to mandatory statutory retention obligations. 4. Analysis tools and advertising Parts of this website use functions of the web analysis service Google Analytics. The provider of this service is Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. Google Analytics uses so-called cookies. Cookies are text files, which are stored on your computer and that enable an analysis of the use of the website by users. The information generated by cookies on your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the United States, where it is stored. The storage of Google Analytics cookies and the utilization of this analysis tool are based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The operator of this website has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user patterns to optimize both, the services offered online and the operators advertising activities. IP anonymizationOn this website, we have activated the IP anonymization function. As a result, your IP address will be abbreviated by Google within the member states of the European Union or in other states that have ratified the Convention on the European Economic Area prior to its transmission to the United States. The full IP address will be transmitted to one of Googles servers in the United States and abbreviated there only in exceptional cases. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google shall use this information to analyze your use of this website to generate reports on website activities and to render other services to the operator of this website that are related to the use of the website and the Internet. The IP address transmitted in conjunction with Google Analytics from your browser shall not be merged with other data in Googles possession. Browser plug-inYou do have the option to prevent the archiving of cookies by making pertinent changes to the settings of your browser software. However, we have to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all of the functions of this website to their fullest extent. Moreover, you have the option prevent the recording of the data generated by the cookie and affiliated with your use of the website (including your IP address) by Google as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link:https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en. Objection to the recording of dataYou have the option to prevent the recording of your data by Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. This will result in the placement of an opt out cookie, which prevents the recording of your data during future visits to this website:Google Analytics deactivation. For more information about the handling of user data by Google Analytics, please consult Googles Data Privacy Declaration at:https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en. Contract data processingWe have executed a contract data processing agreement with Google and are implementing the stringent provisions of the German data protection agencies to the fullest when using Google Analytics. Demographic parameters provided by Google AnalyticsThis website uses the function demographic parameters provided by Google Analytics. It makes it possible to generate reports providing information on the age, gender and interests of website visitors. The sources of this information are interest-related advertising by Google as well as visitor data obtained from third party providers. This data cannot be allocated to a specific individual. You have the option to deactivate this function at any time by making pertinent settings changes for advertising in your Google account or you can generally prohibit the recording of your data by Google Analytics as explained in section Objection to the recording of data. Archiving periodData on the user or incident level stored by Google linked to cookies, user IDs or advertising IDs (e.g. DoubleClick cookies, Android advertising ID) will be anonymized or deleted after 14 months. For details please click the following link:https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/7667196?hl=en Google Analytics Remarketing Parts of this website use the functions of Google Analytics Remarketing in combination with the functions of Google Ads and Google DoubleClick, which work on all devices. The provider of these solutions is Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. This function makes it possible to connect the advertising target groups generated with Google Analytics Remarketing with the functions of Google Ads and Google DoubleClick, which work on all devices. This makes it possible to display interest-based customized advertising messages, depending on your prior usage and browsing patterns on a device (e.g. cell phone) in a manner tailored to you as well as on any of your devices (e.g. tablet or PC). If you have given us pertinent consent, Google will connect your web and app browser progressions with your Google account for this purpose. As a result, it is possible to display the same personalized advertising messages on every device you log into with your Google account. To support this function, Google Analytics records Google authenticated IDs of users that are temporarily connected with our Google Analytics data to define and compile the target groups for the ads to be displayed on all devices. You have the option to permanently object to remarketing/targeting across all devices by deactivating personalized advertising. To do this, please follow this link:https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/. The consolidation of the recorded data in your Google account shall occur exclusively based on your consent, which you may give to Google and also revoke there (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). Data recording processes that are not consolidated in your Google account (for instance because you do not have a Google account or have objected to the consolidation of data), the recording of data is based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The legitimate interest arises from the fact that the operator of the website has a legitimate interest in the anonymized analysis of website visitor for advertising purposes. For further information and the pertinent data protection regulations, please consult the Data Privacy Policies of Google at:https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads?hl=en. Google Ads and Google Conversion Tracking Parts of this website use Google Ads. Ads is an online promotional program of Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. In conjunction with Google Ads, we use a tool called Conversion Tracking. If you click on an ad posted by Google, a cookie for Conversion Tracking purposes will be placed. Cookies are small text files the web browser places on the users computer. These cookies expire after 30 days and are not used to personally identify users. If the user visits certain pages of this website and the cookie has not yet expired, Google and we will be able to recognize that the user has clicked on an ad and has been linked to this page. A different cookie is allocated to every Google Ads customer. These cookies cannot be tracked via websites of Ads customers. The information obtained with the assistance of the Conversion cookie is used to generate Conversion statistics for Ads customers who have opted to use Conversion Tracking. The users receive the total number of users that have clicked on their ads and have been linked to a page equipped with a Conversion Tracking tag. However, they do not receive any information that would allow them to personally identify these users. If you do not want to participate in tracking, you have the option to object to this use by easily deactivating the Google Conversion Tracking cookie via your web browser under user settings. If you do this, you will not be included in the Conversion Tracking statistics. The storage of Conversion cookies and the use of this tracking tool are based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user patterns, in order to optimize the operators web offerings and advertising. To review more detailed information about Google Ads and Google Conversion Tracking, please consult the Data Privacy Policies of Google at:https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en. You can set up your browser in such a manner that you will be notified anytime cookies are placed and you can permit cookies only in certain cases or exclude the acceptance of cookies in certain instances or in general and you can also activate the automatic deletion of cookies upon closing of the browser. If you deactivate cookies, the functions of this website may be limited. Parts of this website use the services of Hubspot Inc. (Hubspot) to: (a) collect statistical information about the use of the website and improve it accordingly, (b) provide downloads of white papers, e-books, and similar materials; and (c) operate email marketing. Hubspot is registered at Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141, USA. The legal basis for using Hubspots services is our legitimate interest in optimizing our marketing activities and the service quality of our website. Hubspot is in possession of a certification that is in compliance with the EU-US-Data Privacy Framework. The Data Privacy Framework is a self-certification program between the European Union (EU) and the United States of America (USA) that aims to warrant the compliance with European data protection standards in the United States. Processing of personal data as part of the registration processIf you register for a download or a webinar, you consent to the processing of your personal data and to the collection, processing and use of your personal data by ownCloud for the purposes described herein. If the registration form specifies forwarding to a partner company of ownCloud, you consent to the transfer of your data to the partner company specified therein. You also agree that the mandatory and voluntary information collected during registration, as well as the web analysis data of your visits to the ownCloud website, may be stored as a profile as well as evaluated and used for advertising purposes. This consent may be revoked at any time with effect for the future. CookiesHubspot uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Hubspot on servers operated by Hubspot. On behalf of the operator of this website, Hubspot will use this information for the purpose of evaluating the use of the website and compiling reports on website activity. For more details, please consult the Privacy Policy of Hubspot at: https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy. We have entered into a data processing agreement with Hubspot, in which we mandate that Hubspot undertake to protect the data of OwnClouds website visitors and to refrain from sharing it with third parties. 5. Newsletter and email marketing If you would like to subscribe to the newsletter offered on this website, we will need from you an email address as well as information that allow us to verify that you are the owner of the email address provided and consent to the receipt of the newsletter. No further data shall be collected or shall be collected only on a voluntary basis. We shall use such data only for the sending of the requested information and shall not share such data with any third parties. The processing of the information entered into the newsletter subscription form shall occur exclusively on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). You may revoke the consent you have given to the archiving of data, the email address and the use of this information for the sending of the newsletter at any time, for instance by clicking on the Unsubscribe link in the newsletter. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data processing transactions that have taken place to date. The data you archive with us for the purpose of the newsletter subscription shall be archived by us until you unsubscribe from the newsletter. Once you cancel your subscription to the newsletter, the data shall be deleted. This shall not affect data we have been archiving for other purposes. ownCloud uses the services of Hubspot to send out its newsletters as well as emails for marketing purposes and to inform its customers and partners about product updates, services, etc. The provider is Hubspot Inc registered at Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141, USA. Among other things, Hubspot is a service that can be deployed to organize and analyze the sending of newsletters and marketing emails. Whenever you enter data for the purpose of subscribing to a newsletter (e.g. your email address), the information is stored on Hubspot servers in the United States. Hubspot complies with the EU-US-Data Privacy Framework. The Data Privacy Framework is a self-certification program between the European Union (EU) and the United States of America (USA) that aims to warrant the compliance with European data protection standards in the United States With the assistance of the Hubspot tool, we can analyze the performance of our newsletter and email campaigns. If you open an email that has been sent through the Hubspot tool, a file that has been integrated into the email (a so-called web-beacon) connects to Hubspots servers in the United States. As a result, it can be determined whether a newsletter message has been opened and which links the recipient possibly clicked on. Tracking email openings is not possible if you have disabled image display by default in your email program. Technical information is also recorded at that time (e.g. the time of access). The sole purpose of this information is the performance of statistical analyses of newsletter and email campaigns. The results of such analyses can be used to tailor future newsletters to the interests of their recipients more effectively.If you do not want to permit an analysis by Hubspot, you must unsubscribe from the newsletter or marketing emails. We provide a link for you to do this in every email message. The data is processed based on your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR), which you may revoke at any time by unsubscribing from the newsletter or marketing emails. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data processing transactions that have taken place prior to your revocation. The data you archive with us for the purpose of the email subscription shall be archived by us until you unsubscribe from the newsletter or marketing emails. Once you cancel your subscription to the newsletter or marketing emails, the data shall be deleted from our servers as well as those of Hubspot. This shall not affect data we have been archiving for other purposes. For more details, please consult the Privacy Policy of Hubspot at:https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy. We have entered into a data processing agreement with Hubspot, in which we mandate that Hubspot undertake to protect the data of OwnClouds website visitors and to refrain from sharing it with third parties. 6. Plug-ins and Tools Our website uses plug-ins of the YouTube platform, which is operated by Google. The website operator is Google Ireland Limited (Google), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. If you visit a page on our website into which a YouTube plug-in has been integrated, a connection with YouTubes servers will be established. As a result, the YouTube server will be notified, which of our pages you have visited. Furthermore, YouTube will be able to place various cookies on your device. With the assistance of these cookies, YouTube will be able to obtain information about our website visitor. Among other things, this information will be used to generate video statistics with the aim of improving the user friendliness of the site and to prevent attempts to commit fraud. These cookies will stay on your device until you delete them. If you are logged into your YouTube account while you visit our site, you enable YouTube to directly allocate your browsing patterns to your personal profile. You have the option to prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account. The use of YouTube is based on our interest in presenting our online content in an appealing manner. Pursuant to Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR, this is a legitimate interest. For more information on how YouTube handles user data, please consult the YouTube Data Privacy Policy under:https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en. We offer website visitors the opportunity to submit job applications to us (e.g. via email, via postal services on by submitting the online job application form). Below, we will brief you on the scope, purpose and use of the personal data collected from you in conjunction with the application process. We assure you that the collection, processing and use of your data will occur in compliance with the applicable data privacy rights and all other statutory provisions and that your data will always be treated as strictly confidential. Scope and purpose of the collection of dataIf you submit a job application to us, we will process any affiliated personal data (e.g. contact and communications data, application documents, notes taken during job interviews, etc.), if they are required to make a decision concerning the establishment or an employment relationship. The legal grounds for the aforementioned are  26 Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG-neu) according to German Law (Negotiation of an Employment Relationship), Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR (General Contract Negotiations) and  provided you have given us your consent  Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR. You may revoke any consent given at any time. Within our company, your personal data will only be shared with individuals who are involved in the processing of your job application. If your job application should result in your recruitment, the data you have submitted will be archived on the grounds of  26 Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG-neu) and Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR for the purpose of implementing the employment relationship in our data processing system. Data Archiving PeriodIf we should not be able to offer you a position, if you refuse a job offer, retract your application, revoke your consent to the processing of your data or ask us to delete your data, we will store your transferred data, incl. any physically submitted application documents for a maximum of 6 months after the conclusion of the application process (retention period) to enable us to track the details of the application process in the event of disparities (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR). YOU HAVE THE OPTION TO OBJECT TO THIS STORAGE/RETENTION OF YOUR DATA IF YOU HAVE LEGITIMATE INTERESTS TO DO SO THAT OUTWEIGH OUR INTERESTS. Once the retention period has expired, the data will be deleted, unless we are subject to any other statutory retention obligations or if any other legal grounds exist to continue to store the data. If it should be foreseeable that the retention of your data will be necessary after the retention period has expired (e.g. due to imminent or pending litigation), the data shall not be deleted until the data have become irrelevant. This shall be without prejudice to any other statutory retention periods. 8. Our social media appearances Data processing through social networks We maintain publicly available profiles in social networks. The individual social networks we use can be found below. Social networks such as Facebook, LinkedIn etc. can generally analyze your user behavior comprehensively if you visit their website or a website with integrated social media content (e.g. like buttons or banner ads). When you visit our social media pages, numerous data protection-relevant processing operations are triggered. In detail: If you are logged in to your social media account and visit our social media page, the operator of the social media portal can assign this visit to your user account. Under certain circumstances, your personal data may also be recorded if you are not logged in or do not have an account with the respective social media portal. In this case, this data is collected, for example, via cookies stored on your device or by recording your IP address. Using the data collected in this way, the operators of the social media portals can create user profiles in which their preferences and interests are stored. This way you can see interest-based advertising inside and outside of your social media presence. If you have an account with the social network, interest-based advertising can be displayed on any device you are logged in to or have logged in to. Please also note that we cannot retrace all processing operations on the social media portals. Depending on the provider, additional processing operations may therefore be carried out by the operators of the social media portals. Details can be found in the terms of use and privacy policy of the respective social media portals. Legal basisOur social media appearances should ensure the widest possible presence on the Internet. This is a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The analysis processes initiated by the social networks may be based on divergent legal bases to be specified by the operators of the social networks (e.g. consent within the meaning of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). Responsibility and assertion of rightsIf you visit one of our social media sites (e.g., Facebook), we, together with the operator of the social media platform, are responsible for the data processing operations triggered during this visit. You can in principle protect your rights (information, correction, deletion, limitation of processing, data portability and complaint) vis-à-vis us as well as vis-à-vis the operator of the respective social media portal (e.g. Facebook). Please note that despite the shared responsibility with the social media portal operators, we do not have full influence on the data processing operations of the social media portals. Our options are determined by the company policy of the respective provider. Storage timeThe data collected directly from us via the social media presence will be deleted from our systems as soon as the purpose for their storage lapses, you ask us to delete it, you revoke your consent to the storage or the purpose for the data storage lapses. Stored cookies remain on your device until you delete them. Mandatory statutory provisions  in particular, retention periods  remain unaffected. We have no control over the storage duration of your data that are stored by the social network operators for their own purposes. For details, please contact the social network operators directly (e.g. in their privacy policy, see below). Individual social networks FacebookWe have a profile on Facebook. The provider is Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA. Facebook is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield.We have signed a joint processing agreement (Controller Addendum) with Facebook. This agreement specifies which data processing operations we or Facebook are responsible for when you visit our Facebook page. You can view this agreement at the following link:https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendumYou can customize your advertising settings independently in your user account. Click on the following link and log in:https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=adsDetails can be found in the Facebook privacy policy:https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/ TwitterWe use the short message service Twitter. The provider is Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States. Twitter is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield.You can customize your Twitter privacy settings in your user account. Click on the following link and log in:https://twitter.com/personalizationFor details, see the Twitter Privacy Policy:https://twitter.com/privacy XINGWe have a profile on XING. The provider is XING AG, Dammtorstraße 29-32, 20354 Hamburg, Germany. Details on their handling of your personal data can be found in the XING Privacy Policy:https://privacy.xing.com/de/datenschutzerklaerung. LinkedInWe have a LinkedIn profile. The provider is the LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Plaza, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland. LinkedIn is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield. LinkedIn uses advertising cookies.If you want to disable LinkedIn advertising cookies, please use the following link:https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out.For details on how they handle your personal information, please refer to LinkedIns privacy policy:https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy. 9. Android App Privacy Policy ownCloud GmbH provides the ownCloud Android app. This page is used to inform users regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service. The app does not collect your personal information. All actions happen between the app and the respective ownCloud server or servers a user chooses to connect to. No sensitive data is handled inside this app. Data Collection and Use The app does not use third party services that collect data used to identify users beyond those that the marketplace providers mandate, e.g. the Google Play Services for Android Apps purchased through the Google Play Store. Learn more about Privacy and the Google Play Services athttps://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. We want to inform you that whenever you use our app, in case of an error we*dont*collect data and information by default. Rather, users can choose to switch on logging in the app settings and then can manually send those logs manually to us, if they so choose. Logs encompass technical information that is important to understand and fix the error or problem. No sensitive and personal information is enclosed in the logs. The user name and server name as well as the display name may appear. Any other authentication information is redacted. Logs are*never*shared with 3rd-party-apps. We value your trust in using ownCloud Apps to handle your personal data, thus we are striving to protect it using state-of-the-art security measures. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Changes to This Privacy Policy We may update our Privacy Policy occasionally. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. This policy is effective as of 2021-10-01. If you have any questions about our Android App Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at.